My son loves it.
Great game. Too bad its only on ps4.
Must have. Extends range of motion, meaning you dont have to move the stick as far.
Ive been playing for a few hours, and its quite entertaining. I love the varying tasks, and the amount of farming involved. I do own another harvest moon game for the wii, and they are somewhat similar with controls.
One of the best gifts ibought my son. He loves it.
Really fun game to play and worth buying.
My son wanted this item so he could sing with guitar hero and it does what its suppose to do. Sounds like a real microphone.
I love it so much i bought 2 more for christmas family gifts for friends.
Granddaughter loves this game.
I love this product. Thanks for getting this item to me before christmas so i could charge my grandsons ninendo ds so he could play his christmas game.
Fun for the younger ones.
Got this for playing call of duty online with friends on the wii u. Works great.
The case has 2 small dents in the plastic but i am okay with that, the disc plays and looks great and the manual is in great shape.
If you like dark souls and demons souls, this is a must buy, absolutely amazing return to form after ds2, the game is gorgeous.
Favorite baseball game to dateever. Wanted to have backups for whatever reason.
Awesome game. A must buy if want a little scare.
Great port of the best rpg ever made.
Love it party with guests.
This is a great skate boarding game and it will last u a long time because if you finish one player there is loads of games to play in 2 player.
Always fun to play.
I love this game. To me it is better than madden. A football game player cant go wrong with this game.
Received on time very satisfied with purchase.
Excellent product, glad i picked up the signature edition. So happy to see a game like this again.
Really love this game, if you like jrpg and anime you will love it as well.
My son loved this game, thanks.
This game is perfect for a group play. A lot of fun. Im buying the new released of 30 great games today.
I favorite the nor family. Conquest is for experienced players who played fire emblem before.
Awesome game i was addicted.
When sonic says hell he means the gates of hell.
This game rules, this game is a classic and it rules. 10 out of 10 one of my favorites. But this is all nostalgic opinion, still 1010.
Such a sick game. The puzzles remind me of zelda. The fighting is super sick. The design is super sick and i love greek mythology. Good buy.
This game was a gift to my kids and they really enjoy playing it. Online and offline play as well as multiplayer online and offline.
The online code was generated immediately and was redeemed successfully. This is a viable option for those wanting to add some quick funds into their live account.
Great product for the price.
Indeed a classic. Loved playing it for even the third time, m and plan to play it even more in the future.
The best year for this series. Its great.
Can always use another nunchuk for the wii when we are playing a game that requires the use of one.
I dont game but my kids do. They love this game as well as the amiibos that can be used with it.
I mean honestly if youve followed this game since the n64 iteration there is really no need to explain why i am giving this game a 5 star rating.
Looks great, thanks.
If you are a fan of the tropico franchise, then this game is a must have. Its by far better than the others and a lot more fun.
One of the best control because i like play with all the buttons like for mortal kombat i recommended for all players.
I got a refurbished one through amazon, it works perfect and ive never had an issue.
Someone help me, i can not stop playing this game. Games like this were the developer makes you care about the characters are my favorite types of games. The writing is superb, great work naughty dog.
Arrived in great condition and is so far a fun game.
This is my second doa 4. The previous one was stolen, i guess because of the funfactor. This classic remains as one of my favorite titles. Thanks, tecmo.
Lots of fun. This is about as accuraterealistic you can get for a simulation of pinball. The graphics on the ps4 are amazing, almost photo realistic. I liked the game so well, i bought a real pinball machine.
Very happy with order.
This game collection has so many cool old games. It would give many people the opportunity to have hours of fun. Thank you for selling this game collection online.
My nephew was very happy to receive this for christmas. It had been on his wish list here for over a year.
Two of my favorite games of all times, still play them on my ps3.
New to the series. There is definitely a learning curve, but im really starting to enjoy this game. Tough to put down.
Great game mouse whether youre a first person shooter player, or an online gamer.
Great addition to the trap team series. My daughter and i play skylanders everyday. Probably one of the most detailed figures out there. A must buy.
Exactly what my son asked for.
Love this game. Fun to play with friends. The tracking works great.
Bought new cords and controller to allow the kids to play an old second wii. They worked fine, it was the wii that needed fixing. Now i need to replace that.
This is a very family friendly and fun game. It has enough humor within to also keep adults entertained. Very cute series, follows the star wars saga exactly.
Mega man x3 is awesome a classic the best of the best best video game ever buy this game if your a super nintendo fan you wont be sorry.
A fun 50 cent game.
Unfortunately my hard drive was dead so couldnt transfer but it did hookup right away waiting to transfer. I was too late.
Great quality cables and in pairs to as a bonus.
Good game, very much like original tetris. Like it a lot.
This game has lots of worlds, which means fun. Recommend for children or adolescents. You can have fun as well just to spend time.
All the time, for hrs, and new worlds and it is like a new game ever other world, happy man.
Brilliant game. Great additional loot. Must buy.
Bought as gift loves the game.
I dont remember what this game is really about, because its storyline is bizarre, but its gameplay is truly spot on for the wii. Its controls are as tight as wii sports or wii sports resort.
Had been playing aoe warchiefs for a while. Found out this version existed. Now i am addicted again.
I am very happy with this memory card. It works just fine. It came in good shape and was on time.
Amazing. Just as great as the 2013 tomb raider. Its like watching a real action movie but you get to participate in it. Graphics for the xbox 360 very good. Story line awesome. Puzzles were challenging and interesting.
My grannnnndson loves this game and i got it for a good price. He will enjoy it for a long time to come.
I recently just got a desktop computer and i absolutely love this keyboard. The buttons arent super loud when i type and theres even a spot to test your wrists. Would definitely recommend.
Grandson request for his birthday. He is very happy with it.
Kids are pleased.
Amazing recreation of link to the past. Highly would recommend it.
Pros graphics are great and makes you wonder if youre not playing a pixar movie. Characters are funny. Surroundings are colorfull and pleasant to look at cons what cons.
This mouse has worked great for me. Its exactly what i expected. Lightweight, comfortable, and responsive.
Great product at a great price and fast shipping.
Bought this for my son, he loves it. The color is also beautiful and the material is great. The price is also great. And the shipping was fast.
This came with the disc only, but the disc was in perfect condition. Im happy with my purchase. Great buy.
I love this game, however, im kind of wishing that i got the new mario kart 7 instead since theres more tracks to play on and you can customize your vehicle. Still a good game though.
Definitely recommend it, frank west is awesome.
I give this 5 stars game is amazing ir being me back to my childhood it is a must buy product.
I got this for my niece sometime ago, and she said she played it today and it lots of fun. So its a game that you will never get tired of.
Good game to the series.
Happy with fast delivery. 6yr old son so happy thanks.
My son plays it all the time. He loves it.
Niece loves it.
Very good protector for the ps3, everyone is to been amazed with this protective vinyl, i recommend it 100, buy it now.
The pokemon y 3ds game is great for anyone wanting a game for the 3ds.
My son and i love playing this together.
Refreshing game for a rather dull couple of years of fps titles.
Great beta even bought the real game.
I bought this for my pc. Works great. Thanks.
Have all 4 now. Its a must get for ps4 fans.
Great. Saves me money on batteries.
This one i never played tell now. And oh my so glad i went and picked up a 3dsxl. Loving the games its like a wonderland.
Really fun beautiful visuals, great music 60fps great story.
Great screen protector.
In all seriousness, what else could you possibly want. Three games by the most talented developer in the history of the medium.
Great set of gaming earphones. I got a comment when i was playing the other day that my mic is very crisp and sounds better than most. They are very comfortable.
Love this family game. Hours of fun.
Works great so far, fitting it in isnt as hard as other reviews claim its worth buying.
Div idvideoblockr2xvejhpvolskx classasection aspacingsmall aspacingtopmini videoblockdivinput typehidden name valuehttpsimagesna. Sslimagesamazon. Comimagesid1no0uppabs. Mp4 classvideourlinput typehidden name valuehttpsimagesna. Sslimagesamazon. Comimagesi71ea84u2bj8s. Png classvideoslateimgurli review games for the wii on youtube. To see more of my videos go to.
Best sports game on the market, narrowly nudging out nba 2k16 for me. Great game.
Its mario 3, whats there to say. This game is awesome. And of course i would recommend it, its mario 3.
Most excellent seller. Most highly recommended. Thank you.
Es muy til para evitar que se raye el psp sobre todo el 3000 por que el tipo de plstico del que esta hecho se raya mucho.
Very good but he end drags on. I would have never figured out what to do on my own. Really good story.
Needed a new controller after 2 years and this is just what we needed.
This game is like a simpler game of minecraft. The kids wanted this game and they play it a lot. This was shipped very quickly.
Another good mario party game.
This rocks. My favorite. It does have some swears in it though. But it is still cool. The precursors are fat and skinny versions of daxter. Oooooooooooooops. I blew the secret. Just buy it.
This was agreat value for batteries for my sons new xbox that he will be getting this year for christmas.
Best mario kart since super mario kart.
Im having a lot of fun with this game. Everything about it is great gameplay, story, fights, and the graphics are great.
Wolfenstien by it self was amazing. Old blood is outstanding expansion history. Total recomend.
Yup its a must have for all racing game enthusiasts.
A blast to play.
Convenient to play pokken tournament. It has a classic feeling thanks to the dpad and it is very responsive when you do combos with it.
My kids are happy with this product. Are learning to dance. Ejerciste is good the perfect songs i recommend my friends all.
Item is in perfect condition as promised.
Bought this item for my oldest grandson. He is enjoying playing this game with his friends and with his cousin.
Has been working as expected.
Love the game one of the best gta games i played since i was a kid but i would wait on a price drop for this. Also get this on pc to get more experience and fun.
I really love tenchu games especially stealth assassins on ps1 and fatal shadows on ps2. Its hard to play at first but u need to discover the weapons and the skills first so youll completely enjoy the game.
This game is legendary and i spent a good chunk of a year playing it nonstop. One of the best games ever on the old ps3.
This is the best spyro game i have ever played. You still collect diamonds. This is the best spyro out of all the other spyros. A must buy.
Works perfectly, now i can play my wii on my hdtv. This product works, and thats all there is to say.
A must if you want to use your old 360 headset on your xone, includes a cable for controller update, and an adapter.
Good old days of bullfrog productions, i also liked sim theme park theme park world.
My grandson loved it and had no complaints.
Good condition and working.
Lots of fun, still play it once and awhile.
No problems plug and plaay.
Came on time. Cant wait to play it.
Yo ho, yo ho. An assassins life to play. Another christmas gift that personifies the black friday shopping experience. Awesome.
I couldnt be happier with this. What a beautiful looking device. The game is great too, of course. But this machine is quite striking and the triforce logos on the outside shell are really cool looking.
I got this game for my son who loves the old nintendo, i cant say much about it because he lives on his own, but there are no complaint. Thanks amazon for a terific deal.
I have long since loved the street fighter series and this one does not disappoint. I am now able to play this game on the go. Definitely worth a purchase if this item is on sale.
Cool training game amazon had the best price rock on.
So simple to install and looks amazing it was delivered in a fast orderly fashion, and is very nice looking on the controller has a nice feel as well a must get must buy.
This is a great collection for those of you out there that want to play some old games but dont own the old systems anymore.
I really enjoy the game, and am now looking forward to the fall release of mortimer. This seller is prompt and a very good sale.
Great game. My 3 boys love it. 7, 4, 4 yrs old. I enjoy it as well. The game is challenging but not frustrating for them. It was easy for them to pick up and play competitively right away.
Portal, half life 2, and team fortress 2 all in one package. You have to play this trust me you will have fun.
Looks awesome and easy to install. Well made. Worth every penny.
I bought this game for my 11yr old son and he seems to really like this game. No complaints here.
What can i say that hasnt been said. Its ms points. Safer than giving ms your card number and getting hacked.
What can you say. Its just a replacement cable. It works just like the other one did, easy to instal just like the original, the shipped did get it shipped very fast.
This game is more fun than i expected. I am really pleased with the way mario can move.
A true masterpiece buy it another true ps1 classic.
Fits great. Looks nice too.
Worked great and at a good price.
Thank you.
Its the bat. You must play.
Works great for transporting my original xbox one to and from college. Has pockets for cables, controllers, and a separate storage unit for my kinect. Seems to be padded well enough to prevent any damage during transport.
Console is great, loving it so far. Everything works well, big improvment over the ps3. Cant wait for all the comes coming next year.
This game is great. It is better than the first one by farassassins creed 1 was great as well. The controls are smooth and easy to learn the story is very good. This game is addicting.
Great game, scored it for only 19. 99. For that price you have to buy it, you wont regret it. Love the assassins creed games.
Very easy to install and charges the controllers very quickly. Also doubles as a good place to put the controllers.
Came in perfect condition and at a great price. Thanks.
This the best gaming mouse i found, for the price. Looks great, no hassle installing the light control program, and looks awesome. Check the photos of it on the web page.
Seems to fit the 3ds xl perfectly with charger and games. Should protect the system when i carry it with me to work.
Love this game. Playing for hours and hours.
Its a razor product, need i say more.
Brand new still in original never opened box.
My cousin love this game he played the game everyday and he love ninjas game and he will teaching his brothers how to play.
This game has been intriguing definitely something new and exhilarating.
One of my favorite assassins creed games. If you loved black flag youll love this. Built upon the same model and game play. Kind of short game but worth every penny. A must buy.
Very happy with my purchus will buy from again.
Really scary game. Thats all i need to say haha.
Gotta love the classics. With a twist. Great game.
As described no problem with this.
A weird adaptation of the board game.
Great game, came early and no signs of use.
Bought this for my soninlaw. The 1 terri bite is the only way to go. Otherwise the games are too big and use up too much space quickly. He loves it.
One of the better generic products such as the generic wii zapper gun.
I love mario games this has dome challaging levels.
Great games. Have all of the big city games so far. Fun.
Not much to say about this. Its real money converted into virtual money so that you can buy virtual wares on xbox.
This game is similar to nes version but its very good game and the levels are very nice and the boss is the challenge.
Love it it was great no problem here okay thanks for making me work hard for my cheap prices lol.
Fun to play old games, worked as expected.
Excellent game and edition.
Great gaming system, glad i bought it early, even though its cheaper now. The longterm value is there, unlike the xbox one.
It was still wrapped brand new. I was surprised.
I purchased this game for my granddaughter, who loves horses. She enjoys this game, but prefers western style riding games. Great pricing, great quality and fast delivery response time appreciated.
If you like first person shooters, this is the game for you. End of story. Great graphics. Great campaign. It has an online multiplayer that rivals halo 3. And i love halo.
I loved this game. Id even go as far as saying its one of my top 5 rpgs. I didnt even trade it in at gamestop after i finished because i may want to play again.
Picture quality is superb. Works great for older tvs without hdmi.
Enjoy all puzzle games and this one is a different kind of hog game.
This amiibo is fantastic truly masterpiece rare which looks truly awesome unique 100 silver made.
This review is a bit late. But i love this amiibo to death. Robins my main in ssb4. Glad i got it ordered before he got into the usa, this guys really, really hard as balls to find.
Awesome characters, art direction, stages, music, and fast paced fighting action. If you love 2d fighting games this is a must own for youre gaming collection. P. S kof 13 sf4.
This is great for me. Now i carry 3 additional games right on the dsi. It has a drawer that holds them and another stylus. Its like a shell. It adds a little protection as it covers the dsi.
Product arrived promptly and was as described.
This is a great item to buy with your controller. It really protects them. I would highly recommend it to all buyers that buy controllers for their children.
This game definitely can match up to previous titles. If you know the chinese history from study, it really follows the history nicely.
Would have missed this gem if i hadnt saw a streamer on twitch playing it. Great gameplay that has some minecraft elements, but is really a solid rpg at heart. Lots of exploration and a great story.
Great product makes my playstation vita more comfortable to hold while playing games and is very stylish and makes your ps vita look different than any others.
Hppy my son.
I have silent hill 2 on xbox and it plays great if u own xbox 360 with hdmi get silent hill 2 for the original xbox the 360 is backwards compatible and the game is upscalled.
This is the ultimated car game experienced anyone can have, car lovers need to have this one. No regrets i make a wise decision.
Have to have it.
I got this game back in 1999 when i first got my dreamcast. This game is still coming out with sequels. I think that this is a great game.
I love is game so much.
The game doesnt make you feel much like an assassin but this is the pirate game everyone has been waiting for. Exploration is really fun. The game has great visuals. Ship battles are awesome. Best game of 2013.
If you liked injustice gods among us then i have no doubt that you will love this game.
Batman. Wow. This game is really awesome, first i bought arkahm city which is advanced version of arkham asylum.
I love mario and if you are a hardcore fan you will want to get this one and a matching luigi green remote, we love them both.
So far so good. Almost as good as the official controller and cheaper.
Came fast, works great, brand new. Love the game its really fun to play.
Soooooooo fun.
Gift seems good.
Perfect cooler for ps4 keeps your ps4 cool conditions i recommend for hardcore gamers.
This console is quiet and simply cool looking. The cookies and cream console with the now fixed mcc is amazing and free. Halo odst is now 5 on xbox live. Buy now.
My son really likes this game and said he was very impressed with the graphics and game play. He said its a must have for any new ps4 player.
Yeah, that about sums it up. Buy anything for 10 on the psn, sounds good to me. Personally, i used it to download final fantasy vii to my ps3.
Pokmon what else needs to be stated.
Great kart racing game for kids with episode 1 characters.
Trigger snappy needs to lay off the coffee. Dude is way to hyper but he has some cool moves. Super quick and at times that helps. Im glad i added him to my collection.
My best friend love love this game and she told me to buy it because i would like it and she was right i loved it.
Great game and quality. Really accurate description and shipped quick. Would love to do business again. Thanks again for the product.
Great product, everything as promised great product, everything as promised.
Fast and great shipping.
Kids loved it and received fast.
Works well and installed fast.
Very cute and easy to learn.
Great next gen game.
I love this product. My husband purchased it for my xbox controller and it works beautifully. I love the way it looks and would recommend to others.
Love getting a new sony dualshock controller. Spend the little bit extra for the original, and avoid those 20 cheap ps4 knockoffs.
The texture and overall build quality feels unique and very premium.
My son loves playing it.
Awesome grate product came in on time.
Great for our 12 year old. He loved them. Arrived in time in perfect condition.
Not sure if i am doing something incorrectly, but even though it is a giant, it will not activate giant activities in game. Son loves the character but would like it to work with giant only areas.
There are games in here i didnt know were made by rare. The visual quality of some of the n64 games has been improved a touch.
Im so glad to be able to find this for my best friend, for christmas.
Amazing game. I have been waiting for so long for such games that remind me of the early 2000s games such as red alert 2 or generals. Love it.
Great addition to the series. It follows the storyline very well. Its not very challenging, but still worth the play to see what happens.
Wow. This is a must if you are online.
Kids and adults enjoy this system.
Great game great sale price. Thank you amazon.
It worked very well with my nintendo 64 console. It allowed me to play the games i enjoy playing. It works as well as my old one.
The trails games are some of the best hidden jrpg gems out there. Theres a lot of text, so its very storyheavy, but the combat system is fun and engaging as well.
Great coolibg fan for xbone. The only time the fan noise is a problem is if you stop and make a point im listening to it. Play your game be happy and youll never notice it.
Wonderful. Spent 45 minutes climbing a tree just to dance on the top.
Easy to play, very accurate on the graphics, i can not complaint if you are a fond of 2nd war world games, youll love it.
This got me my arcade game i wanted to buy minecraft xbox edition no problems what so ever so thank you.
This makes any light gun game much more enjoyable to play.
Every every every good.
Luigis mansion games are always so much fun. This one lives up to the reputation, i am having a blast with it.
Great, does the job. Allows for gamecube saves and i use it to save super smash bros data.
Nice game. I have fun playing it with my friends and we can compete together.
Awesome game my son 16 year old loves it. One of the best series for coop.
The graphics on this game are amazing. The depth is fantastic. So many modes all packed on this tiny 3ds cart. This is the game you use to show off you 3dss 3d functionality.
This game, in a nutshell, is a masterpiece. Buy it. Now.
Best forza horizon yet. Getting the ultimate edition was one of the smartest things ive done this year. I had 50 cars before worldwide release even came. I cant get enough.
Ive loved this game since i was a kid and had to re buy it since i lost my old one. The game came fast and free of damage, basically brand new.
Bought this for my kids. I think it is lame, they love it, so 5 stars.
Delivered on time. Great games.
Xbox point cards are great, they can be used to purchase new games online, games not available thru distribution channel. Also they can be used to purchase addon to previously owned games.
Awesome. My baby loves sonic and this game is perfect.
Nice to play some old classics.
She loved it.
I dug up my old gamecube and needed a memory card to pretty much play anything so this was exactly what i needed.
Good and cool little old school controller fit in our collection just fine. If you need an nes controller truct this brand. No problems.
Ghost. Tricking. Help a dog ghost find peace. Get this game.
Addicting. I absolutely love this game. Highly recommended.
Thanks its nice.
Extremely comfortable and great audio quality. I use mine on both pc and xbox one. The mic is a touch on the quiet side on console, but other than that this is my favorite budget headset.
Fun hand held system.
This is such a cool game with a lotta levels, and time spent for me on this was big. Well worth the as is blood money also. Why did i wait so long.
Cool game a must for star wars fans may the force be with you.
Aside from the overpriced cheap sd card, courtesy of greedy sony, this is one of the best handheld. Get it on sale along with the good games. You will not be disappointed.
I love this game, it is a must have for any xone owners, its fun and cool plus colourful and crazy. Ive been waiting a long time for this and it was worth it. Nuff said.
Kids loved it keeps them busy a lot of game play. Love the lego series games. Great puzzles and problem solving for kids.
Bought this for a friend so they could enjoy the gaming goodness that is overwatch. Getting great use out of it. Overwatch for game of the year.
Excellent game after all the updates.
Best game ever made, spent more time playing this game than any other game in my life.
Have had no trouble with it at all. Very responsive and even works well with the wii motion plus add on.
Works just like the original and the extra cord length is very nice.
Dad loves it. Works great with flight simulator.
I got this hard drive it does all i need it to. It has worked flawlessly.
Does a great job at charging regular sized 3ds, need another one a bit larger for the newer 3ds though. Thought this was the larger one but still can use it for the older model one we have.
It protects my gameboy so im good these are not around like they use to be so this will keep mines nice for all the years to come.
Perfect carry case. The three game slots can hold like 3 games each, with the hard outer shell, if you drop it your 3ds is still safe and secure.
Sorry for the late review good game.
Its the wiiu game on the 3ds. Fun and you can take it with you.
Very satisfied thank you will be doing business again.
At the time wii was the big new game and of course my son enjoyed it for a while but nothing beats xbox when they get older.
This game is cash.
Slash and dash. Interesting. Can be boring here and there though. More words required it says, thats why i dont fill these things out.
Havent used will update but arrived as described.
A decent all round game.
I really love it.
My husband and i play lots of computer games since we are retired. The graphics were really easy on the eyes so we could play for hours.
My son loves this gaming mouse. He says its comfortable and easy to use.
We use this all the time. Set up was simple. Simply plug into the wii, and we used a super nintendo remote. We are having a blast playing final fantasy 3.
I really like these games, they are fun.
One of the coolest aaa titles out there. This game is endless fun.
Great game my granddauter loves it.
Using this is a japanese ps vita slim. Shouldnt have an issue using this in a us vita. Largest available at this time. Doesnt constrain my downloads.
Best ps yet.
I love this game, delivered on time.
Got it and it works perfectly. Did not have to loosen to screws on the back to make it work. A great buy.
Just got it for the collection.
Enjoyed playing this classic on my sega genesis. Satosfactory.
The story line on this game is amazing and the game play is extremely fun and challenging. The game plays similarly to the 2nd version of ninja gaiden that was released on the xbox 360 and is fun.
Very happy. It was everything as described and on time.
For playstation 3, this game was very good to the series. It showcased the series well, and your ability to do new stuff from a different perspective.
My favorite show is now a pc game. Good graphics and acting. A lot of challenging puzzles to figure out.
Bought for my gf. She loves. Shes a star wars fan so.
Great case, keeps my 3ds xl protected and it fits nicely inside. Would like to see more game storage instead of just 3 games but this is just nit picking.
Pros huge map nice history nice details graphics lot of treasures at least 2530 hours game cons many sea battles ia is not good. Multiplayer.
I cant say i loved it because i cant stand games that require you to continue to purchase more items. But the kids love it.
Excellent long cable love it.
These are by far the best of the series i suggest them to any fan who hasnt played them. As far and few as there may be.
My grandson absolutely loves these. They arrived quickly.
Came brand new in its package with batteries. And im extremely pleased. No problems whatsoever. Im pleased to add it to my chrome controller collection.
If you own an xbox one please check it out. This game is amazing. One of my favorite fighting a games.
A bit longer than the original card. But if that doesnt, matter its great.
Love the super robot wars series.
I had purchased this game console for my family for christmas and they have loved it ever since.
Im not a gamer but i like this game very much. Purchased it to alternate my gran turismo 4. Pretty good.
Great game, it does look a bit dated but the game plays wonderfully and i really enjoyed the story. I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fun game to play.
Works. Allows me to perform a spin attack. Matches my pink controller.
Join the bad guys and still save the galaxy once again.
Installed the hard drive with quick ease and it works great. Couldnt be happier with this item and if you need a hard drive for your xbox 360 slim i would recommend this to anyone.
This and wwe 13 are the best wrestling games since smackdown here comes the pain because of the playable characters and story modes.
A must have.
Was factory sealed, day one brand new. Took me back to the old dreamcast days.
Fantastic all bearing the word thanks very much.
I always enjoy the resident evil games. On the xbox one the graphics are incredible.
Another well done disney infity piece. The craftsmanship on the physical piece is top notch as well asthe game play.
The most wellrounded shooter ive played in years. Short, but very sweet campaign and great multiplayer.
Super great price and a lot of fun. If you are just looking ot shoot things with no heavy strategy required then this is your game.
Great screen protector.
Great of course.
Works good on my grandsons old school tv.
Classic title, works as expected.
Bought it because i wanted to play halflife on a pc that didnt support steam. Works great, all 5 cd were in great condition. Even manual is included as well as the hd pack.
I got this game fast and cheap, this is one of my favorite lego games to date and with a roster of great characters.
When standard stylus isnt enough.
Beat this like twenty times.
Moves smoothly and click response is really quick.
My grandson loved this it was a great gift will buy more like this to add to his games and.
I got this, wondering or hesitating, but actually it is a fine case hard, really clear and enhances the finish of the new case i just changed. I would get another one.
Just spend the extra couple of bucks to have one big memory card that way u are not messing around with multiple memory cards.
It will give her many hours of enjoyment this winter, when it is to cold to play out doors. And mother some rest.
Yea buddy this is one bad ass game but u cant get this game till u get all of them.
Love these things.
I was hesitant to buy at first because of the reviews but its been quite a while now and ive had no problems at all. Works exactly like its supposed to.
I love this game. It continues the story so im eager to finish the game and gert all the trophies and this version comes with assassins creed 1 so its a bonus.
Fast delivery, just great.
Great extra content for a great game.
Two fun games for under 15. 00 thank you.
Works as described. Put these on my dual shock 4 and much better than the ds4 sticks.
Great story line. Multiplayer with all the classes really add a lot of variety. Weapons are fully customization. This is the best cod yet.
I love it.
I got this for my husband and it must be fun because hes been playing it a lot. Hes really enjoying it. Good gift and good buy.
Love this game. Cant wait for sequel.
This game has to be one of the greatest games of all time awesome 3d graphics better graphics than in mario 64. Buy buy.
Arrived safely. Works well.
This power adaptor is great. Nice long cord and works perfectly.
Was a gift to my gransdson and it is played almost nonstop. Battles are almost like real. He says it is very entertaining and will capitate your attention from beginning to end.
Works good, lights are a nice touch.
Just as described. Thank you.
Definitely worth 30, if youve played other ac games then you know what to expect. The game is beautiful and the controls are mapped out well. There is no multiplayer however its a solid single player game.
This is a thinking manswomans shooter. It offers just the right amount of challenge without becoming frustrating. This was the swan song for the people behind the socom series and what a song it was.
Works as stated. Only game that doesnt seem to work from my collection is level 2 of battletoads. Other than that all is well.
Classic. Works great good purchase thanks amazon.
This games a classic.
Instant delivery, no issues. Fun game.
Such an amazing game.
Awesome amiibo. Havent been able to use it but looks great and got home in great condition.
I love this thing, it works fine, looks good and its all i needed for my new wii u, so buy it.
Thanks, fast shipping and a great game, even for the night stages.
Loved this game and all like it. Would love to see more ot these games. Great fun playing them. Kee the mystery going.
Maybe one of the best rpgs ever made. Too bad the second game was awful and that the third has such tiny text size.
I loved it. If you want to play through a horror movie, with a choose your own adventure style, this is the game for you.
Excellent product. Thank you very much.
Great for my grandchildren.
Halo 1 2 are aamazing. 3 and 4 are meh. But definitely worth playing.
Great game where you catch monkeys with a net. Great video game for kids i grew up playing this one so had to have it back in my collection.
This was a game my son asked for for his birthday, so he loved it. He loves anything lego, so if your son enjoys games and legos this will be a hit with him.
Amazing story and graphic pretty and so long game and worth it.
This game is very fun it is a very reallistic army game too i just dont like everything about like the whole 4 people can get killed by one silly guy.
A great replacement mouse, and a super good mouse once you are used to it.
Great game. My daughter loves it.
This little junction switch works great, i use it to switch inputs for audio because i own to many electronics. It is simple, cheap and works great.
Steep learning curve but thats what attracts you to the absolute coolest keyboard on the freaking planet. Get it. Its worth every penny.
Cute game. Nintendo really doesnt disappoint when they make games for the kids and we really have fun playing as a family.
Loved it, fast delivery service too, thank you.
Amazing remastered version of these games. X is the better game for me. X2 for the vita has to be downloaded with the included redemption code.
So nostalgic, i always regretted getting rid of the one i had, so i finally bought another one to replace it.
This game is amazing i have to say i been playing to everyday since i git it the shipping was fast and arrived new still in plastic wrap great product.
Didnt think i would like it but i had fun playing it. Cant wait to get state of decay 2.
This system is awful and so weak. Nintendo keeps milking mario.
Overrrrrated this game looks like pee on the cover i wont play it no way.
The lied it work with windows xp there is no driver this joystick on there web site.
I bought this game for my little sister and she hated it from the first time. I tried it too and this game sucks. We gave it away.
Dark souls fans say its the best game ever but i say why are you in my room im trying to sleep.
After playing the just dance games which are a blast this one is stale. It tries to follow the same pattern, but with country music and it just fails.
This game is impossible. Why bother making it if its impossible. One unit of a certain type could easily wipe oot a whole frickin army of another. Och.
I dont agree with other positive reviews, got stuck every 10 min. Searching all the levels for a clue that is not found anywhere. Bored disapointed, so i turn the game off waist of money and time.
The game played but it was unable to save a file without corrupting it every time so that was b. S.
Received package in perfect condition, yet when i opened the box the game was severly damaged.
Read the reviews, i purchased this and it did not work. Cheap doesnt even begin to describe this product. Fire hazard would be a good product category.
Broken, buggy and pathetic mess, what else can you expect from a square product.
Bought this game for 2. Its literally a waste of money. Even at that price.
Want my money back or at least compensation for wasting the time to install this turkey. X2.
When the game arrived, the activation code was misprinted and too short, so i couldnt play it.
This thing had a million bubbles. I tried to work them out for 15 minutes and gave up. Returning.
Never could get this to work waste of time and money.
This is honesty the worst bundle and game ever do not even think about buying this or actually buy this you will regret it because it sucks so much the graphics and story is horrible.
Terrible gameplay. Cant play defense.
Too hard for daughter.
I just plat this game. And let me tell you that is not fun to play this game, its really boring.
This game is the worst game i have ever played. The graphics look like yur playing on ps2 and the ai is really stupid. The commercials made this game look awsome but it is know where near awsome.
Incredibly overpriced. One of the reasons the vita failed.
Im a huge final fantasy fan, but this aint no ff vii.
This is another overhyped game from ea that is all hype and drm. Dont waste your money.
Just sad. How sony messed up this street fighter. Trust me capcom shouldnt get all the blame. Really. You rush a game and you get a result like this. Just wait for a full game.
Game recieved destroyed, got a great price but since it was completly ruined in shipping and of course the only one, i could not get another one of course.
It said closed the same day i got it.
Laggy, ugly, and the dlc codes are expired. Dont get it unless you are desperate to play it on the go and its really cheap. Also 2 player only.
Big box vcr, cant do nothing but netflix, watching nfl. This is not a gaming console, the ps4 is the way to go if you want a true gaming experience.
I fell for the hype and got this game. My son hated it. We got the mvp 2005 baseball game from ea sports.
Very hard to move around and the camera angles are horrible. I traded mine in at my local game store. The story was interesting, shame to move around sucked big time.
I had to remove this skin from my controller after a week of using it because the stickers just would not stay stuck down on the controller and they were very uncomfortable and annoying.
This memory card is garbage. It only works on some ps2 games. It could just be me but i think a ps2 memory card should work for all ps2 games.
It says it will work with windows 7 but it really dosent.
Disc drive did not work it also made a clicking nose when the tray shut. Its obvious the company who sold dont test there products.
This is the most boring game ive ever played.
Horrible. I used it for about a day and it stopped responding. It wouldnt work on any mouse pad, but did work on a plain surface. However, it was very slow and glitched. Returning it right now.
Awful product, as other reviewers have stated. If you want to get funny games for your kids, buynbsp. A datahookproductlinklinked classalinknormal hrefsurfsupdpb000mtf072refcmcrarpdrvwtxt. Ieutf8surfs upanbsp. Ornbsp. A datahookproductlinklinked classalinknormal hrefratatouilledpb000p0jqqyrefcmcrarpdrvwtxt. Ieutf8ratatouilleanbsp. Instead.
Sean lied there is no mp. He hyped this boring game.
The game has a glitch partway through and you cant progress any further.
Cant play it never open the package. I cant play it because pacemaker is wifi and bluetooth it will in there with it.
Ill sum it up in one word crap.
Cant poop in urnils like in stick of truth.
After losing money on simcity societies, i wasnt going to buy this again until ive thoroughly tried buyed. Unfortunately, i couldnt even try the game thanks to servers being down. Good job drm.
Dosent work with the nyko charger like stated. Ment for chargers that plug into the port in the front of the controler.
Dont waste your money unless its super cheap. I liked previous cod and this one is the worst. Only good thing i gotta say is graphics are good. But just wait for battlefield hardline on mar. 17.
I got this game thinking ohhthis is a shrek game it will be good. Wrong. If you want a shrek game thats not filled with farting and burping and pointless missions get shrek super party.
Controllers left trigger was broken had to replace it.
Not worth spending time or money on. I would rather buy g. I. Joe game than this sorry rip off the original.
This. I could have done without. Ive had some fun moments with it, but wow if all dorms look that bad, im very grateful i never needed one.
I bought this item to replace my current headset however the right ear cuff doesnt work seems to have a short but its minor because itll work when i tap the cuff.
Easily 2 thumbs down. Ive been a fan since day 1, but, this presequel is not the borderands that ive known and love, ewwww.
Has more freezes than i have ever seen in a video game. Conceptually the game looks great but the slow loading, freezes, and lackluster graphics ruin the experience. This found the trash heap.
Avoid this game at all costs. The controls are terrible and the graphics are the worst ive ever seen on the dreamcast, its no wonder acclaim went under.
Wouldnt download. Got error message every time about files being corrupt. Reported problem to amazon with no response. Wish i could file an a to z claim.
I bought the game. It says press enter at the main screen and once i press enter nothing happens. I believe others are having the same issue.
This game was just horrible. 1. God drank beer 2. Bad controls 3. Never went great 4. Glad i sold it away 5. Get minecraft instead.
Hardest, most unsatisfying game ive ever played in my life. I would rather run my fingernails down an endless chalk board for the rest of my life than play this game for 5 minutes.
No game case.
Maloooooooooooooo esto no llego no sirbe para nadaaaa es malloo muy malo es una estafa hi no recomiendo este vendedor.
Does not work with my pc, good purchase transaction.
Wtf. Really. They should pay me to play this garbage.
You cant put youre mic in and its a little loose.
Purchased to refresh my memory. I use one star because to identify that i bought this item from amazon and not to review.
Game was badly scratched, defective product.
Old skylanders contribute nothing to the game.
Bought this game for christmas and because psn was down over christmas, the game wouldnt even launch. Theres no way it should have required online access for what is largely an offline experience.
Wasted hours trying to get this thing installed. Kept getting an activation. Exe overlow error and crash. Ea support totally clueless and no help. Just gave up finally. Bad, bad solidshield drm.
Some one was using the cd key so it would not install.
This is a really junk game. I tried it three different times to just see if maybe i am doing it wrong. Nope, just a poorly designed mess. Sorry i wasted the money. Already deleted from the drive.
I dont play the gane because freezing un the first part.
Complete trash most wii controllers will not fit inside of these. Literally does not work at all stay away from these.
Playstation had a game just likes this and it was called goo goo soundy. That game never worked right and neither does dance factory. The dance routines it creates are simplistic and sometimes off the beat.
Kool kontact is impossible that i would not recommend it to anyone. Ubisoft must remove it from just dance.
Dont like the story line mode. Its too long and theres no face to face fight mode. I pass.
Worst game ive played in sometime.
This a horrorable game.
My came in poor package in a ups bag the keyboard box was mashed in the center certain keyboard keys doesnt work.
This game isnt even fun, if you want a challenge go climb mount everest, fight mike tyson, run a marathon all of which would be easier than playing this game.
This game is terrible and not worthy enough to be included in the zelda series.
Pure waste of money the game play is bad, this is nothing like the reviews, nothing like the seller made it out to be. I have a lot of sailor nasty comments to make, but will keep it clean.
Never worked cant be returned. Steam has nothing to say in the mattersteam is the client you need to run it on.
Bad quality controller didnt work.
Ea is ruining gaming, stop buying their games.
Would not allow me to return game.
Wasnt able to load because of a missing code.
Not a first person shooter. This fact is not mentioned anywhere. A big disappointment.
This is one of the worst games i ever played for playstation 4. I will not recommend this game to anyone. One of the must avoid game.
Yesterday i received my package, however, the disc is bent, i took some pictures before opening the disc, please indicate you are responsible for changing the disc.
Not satisfied with this product it has no grip at all.
The makers went out of business so you cant play this game at all.
This product is so annoying anymore. My kids need it to play wii sports resort, which they love. But this motion plus adapter keeps disconnecting from the controllers. Its so cheaply made and i hate it.
Received defective and will have to keep it this way, half the time not working since challenger usa wont refund me for shipping a broken mouse.
My broken wii charger works better than these do after a month. You have to hold them in place for over 30 minutes to get a charge.
Had weird sexual thing in the middle, graphic cartoon animals having sex. Sick.
Which is unfortunate because it looks so fascinating. Ahh, but live and learn. Sometimes, things simply do not work out.
This game was my 10 year old sons who is a star wars fanatic and he really didnt enjoy this game.
Never received my packaged and i was really excited to play this game.
All levels same pattern.
This game was a big mistake, dont waste your time with this crap, the graphics are filth and its so difficult almost impossible to beat cause the ai is foolish, and all the stages look the same. Like cluttered garbage.
This game and hyperdimension neptunia are by far the 2 worst jrpgs ever created. Thats all i have to say, and i wont even bother justifying my reasons. Boysome things are worth staying away from girl but im pregnant.
A datahookproductlinklinked classalinknormal hrefsecretagentclankdpb0015a8rq8refcmcrarpdrvwtxt. Ieutf8secret agent clankanbsp. Not worth money at all. This game does not have any great gameplay or camera work. Stick with insomniacs versions.
Doesnt work well. Cant charge it. Pluged it in for 19hrs like nintento said and still doesnt work, this is the second one i bought. Better off to use batteries.
Doesnt do anything with any games.
Bought it used got have way throught and game wont play.
Lacks innovation. Doesnt feel like a fallout game. Bad story. Boring, repitive gameplay and environment. Ive loved the other fallout games and most of the dlc, but this game is simply awful.
Update 35 from 45, after a few months of using this mouse started randomly turning off when being plugged in, it takes a while to get it back on. Update from 35 to 15 lots of connecting issues.
No code keygame useless. No manual.
I would enjoy this game a lot more if they didnt force me to watch every single long a cutscene.
These are a waste of money.
Died two weeks after we had it.
1. 3 tflops maxxed. Nuff said.
One quarter a game for twice the price. Is really a new low for ea. Yeah the graphics are nice but how hard is it to get one thing right when you are selling a demo.
Control configuration is all messed up. Its up to you if u want to buy. I personally didnt waste of money. But its no ones fault but my own.
Is hot. But not that way. The other way, my ears get to hot on it, i dont recommend it. Also the plug fail on me now i cant use the jack where it was connected.
Buttons are different from most 1st person shooters kind of confusing just couldnt get the hang of the new button commands.
The code was already used i can not activate on my account, need a solution soon.
Did not work. Turned on for two seconds then went dead. Would not sync.
This does not charge fully.
Instruction product are difficult.
No bueno help.
Will not download.
Online doesnt work simple as that. Release a game properly or dont.
Ripped really fast.
Ordered 2. One did not work immediately. Another was sent. All stopped working within 2 weeks.
I will never order these again i did not like these at all it did not work at all broke as soon as we got it had problems from the start with these.
I cant review this item since the ups sent it to the wrong place and the seller refused to contact me back. I had to go to amazon for a refund.
You get only one character choice, a horrible story, uninteresting monsters, stupid bosses and a lame ending. This is an insult to the golden axe series. Only one playable character and the worst skimpy dressed one at that.
One time use.
Disc arrived faulty.
Cant even quick scope any more.
I hoe i will be abli to figyre this gane out. I am quite sure, or at will tyry, to figure this game out grey steinke.
Not the best assassins creed game ever and surely not the worst. But i had very mixed feelings about this game and couldnt sit myself down to play through this mess completely.
Boring and repetitive. Also the graphics are washed out and backgrounds blurred.
A few months after ownership, random buttons started to die. This was a 70 mouse. Its not good quality.
It showed up really beat up, it even had a hole through the game case. I was really excited for it so it is just unbelievably disappointing.
Pretty good game for children to play who have a lot of anger but too weak to do nything.
Stupid. Just a down right stupid game.
So it took me about 2 hours of manually downloading skin packs before the game was even playable. This has been really poorly upgraded. Get the one on next gen systems.
Cant play the game. Cant sign in to the website you have to play it on. Cant talk to anyone from the website you have to play it on. Sucks.
Just like the wii console, the ds is being plagued with endless mariowario wtc games. Good god, i like mario games as much as the next person but enoughs enough.
The game didnt work on my wii u, it kept saying an error has occurred, i had to take out the disc and unplug the wii u and plug it back in, what a waste of money.
This company puts some of the most frustrating mechanics in a game i have ever seen. No fun when you get caught in a bug loop and reloads dont help.
Subpar combat with subpar enemies. Subpart story with one obvious twist. Its just ridiculous all around. Seems promising but just poorly done.
The poor controls are just slightly better than the frustrating number of bugs, poor graphics, and sloppy storytelling. Worth a rental just to see how bad xbox games can really get, but not worth any more than that.
As with some third party software providers, the technical specs are not quite true. I had hoped i had learned my lesson.
The game dident play at all very disapointed feel lied to about condition waste of money so unhappy with this.
Dont even waste your time. If you want a star wars fps play battlefront 2, if you want a good rpg play wow or guild wars. Avoid this garbage at all costs.
I really disliked the gsme waste of my monru.
Game was missing completely. I received an empty case.
Doesnt work at all piece of junk and it shorts out as well do not buy this item it is very bad to buy.
This is an alpha.
Unable to play this on windows 10.
In general, it just sucks. The sims is a million times better. The character dialogue boxes are in english, but the language that you hear spoken is french or portuguese or something like that.
This is not an amazing, or a crazy, or a jaded game. It has none of those songs. One would expect these songs to be obligatory in an aerosmith game. Only fillers on this mediocre game.
Terrible. Going back to nba live.
Didnt work properly. Even after the update. Xbox needs to find another supplier that can make better controllers.
A huge disappointment. The case smells and feels awful. Cant recommend it at all.
Dont waste your money on this poor excuse for a console port. Since no codeoptimizations have been done, the game looks terrible but requires a powerful system to run. Its not worth it.
It is horrible it does not work i never got to play it dont buy it always says reading disk and never works.
It was a scam and under difference names too.
Need subscription to play multiplayer. Horrible marketing.
Ghosts and battlefield 4 is better. Nice try rockstar but you fail at making fps. Just stick to gta.
Game had so much potential and was excited as it was the same creator of the original fallout games, but this game failed miserably. Gameplay is rough with a steep learning curve and lack of direction. So much potential.
This thing kinda sucked, it was uncomfortable and i could never figure out the best way to have it sit. Maybe its just my ears.
Nintendo has lost their way with mario rpgs.
Disappointed. The disks did not work.
I wish they made stars of 0 cause this i verry poor. Even with a car amplilifire its worse than playing halo on cell phone. Sucks.
Not even two weeks and the right thumb stick is broken.
The game installs, but will not run. The game intro runs and then a prism error occurs. I cant play the game and cant find patches for it that work.
It dont work.
I hate that you have to choose between the double deluxe or this, its honestly a waste of money.
I played this for ten minutes and hated it. This is a total fail. Guess i bought into the commercial before there were any reviews.
Dont bother with this piece of garbage. This software, is one of the worst collections of bad graphics, poor a. I. Programming, incomplete and utterly useless piece of trash in the software world. Best used as a coffee cup placemat.
You can buy this directly through the shop channel on your wii for 20. Why in the world would you pay an extra 34 to get it from amazon.
This game has deleted my saves, i saved multiple times yesterday and theyre all gone. Done with it, going to look into returning it. It also has crashed 3 times.
Nothing special. Much smaller than the original vcr xbox one. The white it ugly. I would suggest sticking with your original or just waiting for the playstation neo.
I wasnt impressed with this charging kit. The battery never fully charged and the cable wouldnt stay connected, the slightest touch and it would pop out. I ended up asking for a refund and buying something similar at walmart.
Adapter didnt work arrived with no transformer in the casing.
Absolute junk. Very very thin rubber. They do not stay on. They also packed it incorrectly. Giving me 3 of one cover and only one of another. Do not buy. There are better ones out there.
This is sad.
Hated this game and wish i didnt waste the time and money on this weak attempt at a franchise. Awful.
This game is a broken mess. My game lags all the time and the cameras are way to sensitive. The graphics look like graphics from the nintendo 64. Its a horrible game.
Product arrived in a cracked cd case.
Said xbox, it was psp wtf am gonna do with this now.
Console didnt even work. Waste of money.
Rather go to walmart and pay 3 dollars not 12.
The textured grip on the back doesnt properly fit the controller and easily falls off. Its sad how poorly made this supposedly premium product is.
If i wanted call of duty i would have bought it. I should have went with my instincts. I was gonna either buy addons for bf4 or this game. Lesson learned.
You can download call of duty 1 on the internet and it will run. But this one the mp would play but the sp will not run at all.
Lagfest connection interrupted and killed from behind are two only things i can say about multiplayer. The graphic is not good, neither. It is a good game if it is out five years ago.
Horrible antique game. Hardly able to play.
Couldnt play on windows 10.
Worked for 6 whole months of moderate use. Boo.
Ea robbing us with terrible content.
Junk. Poor quality. Threw away.
Region 2 copy. Not for sale in the usa. In other words, no updates, online content, or dlc, download load content. Remove these region 2 only disc for sale in the usa amazon.
Found no difference between these and only soldering solution.
First game my kid went for in their birthday, and the disc wont read due to excessive damage. Fitting punctuation on the awful job amazon has done this year.
Game did not work.
Bad voice acting bad controls horrible version of catwoman bad camera views bad bad bad bad the fact that this awful game has four stars with a bad storyline smh no wonder catwoman film ended halle berry career.
This game kind of sucks. Really below my expectations. I did not expect it to be so boring. Expected so much more especially after the delays in releasing this game.
Dosnt even have mustange gts in it, i h8 motorcycles.
Highly anticipated, but nothing but problems installing on my gaming rig. Seems like some kind of dvd drive incompatibility. Waste of time.
Good graphics and that is it. Story, mechanics, everything is aweful. Not the final fantasy game anyone expected total boring disappointment.
Its heroes trying to be world of warcraft. I lost all faith in this series due to this bloody product. I beg of you, dont buy this, dont contribute to disappointment in this world.
Do not buy this iyudo will take your money.
Rating awful horrendous framerate, repetitive quests, nonsensical story, glitched achievements i beat the game on the hardest difficulty and received nothing, this is easily one of worst games ive ever played.
The supreme court has already rules ruled that drm is illegal. Installing malwarevirus on people computers is illegal. Any vendor or company that sells these products or produces them is liable.
This thing just sh1t the bed on me. It is worthless how does a mouse fail when there are no moving parts except a hand. Do not buy this trash.
This game is just bad all around. Bad gameplay, bad graphics, bad storyline, bad voice acting. Just bad. It really does suck. Hands down, the worst ps2 game i have ever played.
Not what i expected.
Too graphic intense and im too cheap to go buy a 200 video card and a quad core cuz you need it.
Why. Why would you even consider making this a video game. On the ps4 no less. Dont buy it. Just dont.
Game starts with attitude, then sucks about 1 hour into it single player review.
This game is terrible.
Mouse works greatbut the one i received was blue, with leds that cycled through a rainbow. This is disappointing because i actually really wanted it red, and the listing clearly stated red.
After less than six months, its falling apart. Its been on a desk 100 of the time. Very lame.
Lousy game too hard not enough room to store items you need in box enemys toohard to kill repetitive backtracking unfair boss fights dont waste your money on wii games their always to hard and fustrating.
Worst and most boring game i have ever played. Worth 20 on a good day.
Ill never buy another logitech product ever again.
Stay away, dont support this greedy company. Game doesnt worth 60 not even 20.
Sounds like a dying car at startup and is louder than my computer fans. Not to mention, it does nothing to cool the system.
Didnt even fit, waste of money. Might as well set your money on fire in front of you cause you will have more use from that then these over priced piece of rubber.
Can you sell me one that works. So far only sony one has worked and that fell apart like junk.
Purchased to refresh my memory. I use one star because to identify that i bought this item from amazon and not to review. Returned.
Bought from walmart because i didnt want to wait 2 days. The game is so overhyped. Controls are aweful and gameplay is very mediocre. If i could go back in time and not buy it i would.
Control buttons dont all work when using this product. Dont waste your money.
Due to extreme gaming and sweat these joystick grips do not last very long. Theyll start ripping.
Probably the worst ac. Incredibly boring. I cant believe all the travel and hunting was so boring when iv ended up being so fun with it.
He love it thank you.
With far too many bugs and crashes and the slowest load times of any save games ever seen on the xbox this game is basicly unplayable by all but the most patient or fanatical.
Garbage graphics, poor storyline, and tedious gameplay. Yes, its a massive open world but that doesnt make up for its mediocrity in every other aspect.
My my opinion this game its ok but its not worth 59. 99.
Probably the worst golf game for ps4 ever.
Needs better help mode.
I still like amazon i wish i could have had this one the game i wanted.
The ps4 console is awesome. But the battlefront game is terrible. Just played it a couple of hours because i couldnt stand it anymore. I went back to battlefield asap.
The ending segment is horrible. Stupid mechanics, with nathan being an idiot boyscout. I literally left the ending fight running to watch nathan being murdered for 10 minutes.
Maybe this is a good game for a child, but it was way too easy for an adult.
Doesnt charge my 3ds fully. Cheap quality.
Been waiting to be able to buy these for their actual price, but then find out i cant use my amazon credit. Whats the point. Still no buy for me then.
I bought this for a online game, that i really enjoyed on xbox 360, but it is a dud on xbox one online will not work just wasted my money no refund digital down.
Great idea, wrong time, lag was just bad enough to not be able to remote play, chromecast, firestick really a better option for tv streaming.
Very good mouse. Works as intended. Good software. Good for counter strike at a high level. This changed within 30 days, because it stopped working within just one month.
Any 4k tv in 2016 has an upscaler build in the tv. Get the cheaper console and save your money. Wait for the scorpio or get the pro.
Sad, seems unplayable on windows 10.
Tower falls easily not sturdy. Blu rays dont fit like it shows they fall out. Save your money.
Mouse 4 5 both broke within 2 months.
The pin that connects the headset to the controller broke within 2 weeks. Had to go and purchase a new one.
This is not seving.
Ea is continuously ruining the masterpiece. Origin is even worse.
Residue all over the cartridge.
Does not work. Do not buy this product.
So not good.
I went back to pc gaming since steam is free. Ill never buy an xbox live card again.
I didnt like this games at all. There are better games out there. Trust me on this one dont buy it.
This game sucks compared to 2k13 the controls are so bad for shooting it feels sloppy waste of money.
This wont last past a week. Item worked great for a while but now i cant hear anything from the headset. Mic still works though.
But i was not, guess it wasnt my destiny. Poor load time, too repetitive and poor story telling. This game not my cup of tea, just couldnt get into it. Im trading this in for far cry 4. 06 stars.
These chargers fray and short out very often. I have to reorder about once a month.
The absolute worst tactical game i have ever bought. So bad, in fact, i couldnt make myself give to someone else, i threw it the garbage.
Released with an insane amount of bugs, shameful really. Avoid this game at all costs.
This is garbage. It quit working after 2 months.
That is way over priced for a sd card. Yeah itd for a ps vita. So what. The game system cost me 275. 00 with tax and stuff. And i only got a 4gb memory card.
It says it is in good condition but lots of scratches does not even work never played it dont buy.
Worst fifa i ever played. Passing is so buggy. I dont know what they have tried in this version. Failed attempt of making passing feel realistic.
Item broken and did not work.
This level is the absolute worst. If i didnt download this from the e shop, id take a loss and sell it to gamestop. Never buying another mario rpg again.
Started to come off after a 3 days.
Gets old fast. I was excited to see that the game was finally have somthing after diablo 2. Great game ends fast and the leve cap really feel like im playing wow. After many updates same crap different day.
Pros there are no pros cons everything.
Item arrived in poor condition would not buy again.
Worked fine for 2 months now the battery wont charge no matter how long its plugged in.
Nothing like final fantasy ive ever played. Didnt like it at all.
After what eas done to me with mass effect on pc and spore, i guess i cant see any game from ea as being good anymore.
Purchased to refresh my memory. I use one star because to identify that i bought this item from amazon and not to review. Returned.
Neither of the controllers will hold a charge. I didnt like the feel of the rubber skin on the outside and peeled it off. A big disapointment and a waste of money.
Dont play the game, didnt understand the game. An overall waste of my time.
I was unable to complete the game because i forgot to read one ingame text message. The game is very poorly designed and is by all means broken.
Amazon warehouse gave me a broken copy of it.
You have to play, its a hassle to get it on a 64 bit computer. Im just going to give it to someone with an old one. Im not happy.
Boring. Just boring. It was good back in the day, but now it is dated.
The person that ordered the game disliked it.
Two of our teenagers tried this game, and both hated the controls. Its the first game ive seen them quickly toss aside in frustration.
This honesty the worst game ever its so stupid i hate it so much dont buy i respeat do not buy.
Sucks sucks sucks i actually thought i would like it but it is no good rather u buy the original.
Another no play.
Is it good. It wont sync, so no, its not.
Im the 2000th review d.
I am easily entertained but this was boring a ding ding. Shooting and tramping through fields, why should i. This game is 20 years behind the times.
High expectations but total failure beyond the first 10 hrs.
I didnt think it was very good. It looked bad, the story was boring. I ended up trading it in for some other game.
The computer will not let me install it, because it came with a trojin virest. Not sure of spelling, but you get the message.
What. I try throw the ball to people on field but then it bounces over and over on groun.
These are poorly refurbished models. The first one i received was broken, alright that happens. I got a replacement and that one was also broken. The wires were soldered poorly with shrink wrap added certainly not microsofts work.
This is stupid, you got to have the internet in order to play, i guess paying 60 isnt enough. I guess ill just go online and download a torrent and a nocd crack.
Does not work with my highly expensive computer and i have all the componets for the game.
Smelly rubber junk we will not use.
Stopped working a couple months after purchase. This product is garbage.
Played xbox live for 3 hours. Worked at first. But not very well. By the end of 3 hours i had a useless headset that isnt even good for a paper weight.
This game runs better on the ps4 due to the demanding graphics. Xbox one is only 720p while this made was made for 1080p.
It didnt work for me. I gave it away to someone else.
Very bad connection.
Not halo.
Took me a day to activate it because i entered the activation wrong, otherwise its great. Also the uplay achievements dont work.
This is sad just say no to drugs weed kills wake up fools.
Played but did not charge the battery i returned.
Not worth your money.
Missing items not told in advertisement.
One of the ports is already broke.
Very cheap materials, the grip broke within days of purchase.
Do not buy. Can not play when you want.
This was a movie not the game.
This game is horrible. This is why the wii u is dying. This game is straight dumpster drippings.
I like the concept. But i think because its so pixelated i get sick when i played it. So i dont like this game. Someone please make this game without the pixelation.
Never got it i will buy again later.
Expected a bigger difference compared to what was released one and half years ago on ps3.
Lousy checkpoints times, first person platforming and repetitive game play do not combine well. This game sucks.
This game is exactly like tetris. So dont get this game.
Im a tiberium wars fan and was really hoping this might be a similar bit of fun. No such luck. If this game had a few of fart jokes, it would be perfect for six year olds.
Another bad story telling racing game. Ea needs to change their game makers, get the old guys out of retirement.
You have to take the cover off to add games. Not a good product. It is a loose fit, flimsy material that does not stay on or fit well.
Sony garbage it died fast.
Might be a great game but the activation process goes dead upon carefully entering act key, wtf.
Bought it, disc didnt work, seller refused to help or refund my money. I was screwed out of money. Do not buy. Buy it from gamestop if you have to.
When i tried it for the first time it worked very well and after a while it didnt work.
I choose this rate because it wont fit onto my 3ds xl screens. I like the price for how much is cost.
Game is hrd to install. Unable to get any support from stream. Have installed and reinstalled 3 time and have yet to be able to play. But amazon did deliever on time as always.
Games repetitive and doesnt deserve a full review. Dont buy it.
I was hoping game genie would work with all 6 games in the genesis 6 pak cartridge but 2 out of 6 games work with it.
This game is straight garbage water and no one will read this review.
Not quite sure what the designer had in mind when this was developed. Does not come close to the wii sports game that came with the console.
Please dont waste the money, what is the fun that you constant die and die. Get a wicher 3 comming out in may, it is going to be much better.
Single player mode really is horrible and on line exp. Is just a nightmare. Avoid it like the plague and get something else.
Child rarely played it. Low interest. Didnt engage him.
Dont work on my computer.
Went to charge my sp and after it charge went to unplug it and the charger came apart. Do not buy.
A threating note in game saying that they are in love with nigers.
So i got this controller and i thought it would work since it was like buying one from a store but i was dissapointed because this didnt work and i wont buy anything else from this seller.
Did not pair with the console and had to return. With some gadgets like this one you companies only get one strike with me.
Zipper broke the first day. I also have a black one and its doing fine though.
Wasted my money.
I wouldnt recommend this game to anyone. Ignore the first game, play mass effect 2, and make up your own ending for the trilogy. Mass effect 3 is a rushed disappointment, regardless of the ending.
Broke in 6 months.
Game is free on xbox and on pc. It has been since the start dont waste your money.
Combat is garbage.
Card arrived damaged and appears to be significantly thicker than the original sega ram cart for the saturn.
This game does not have multiplayer but other than that the game is great. Great game play, guns, monsters ect. I give it 15 because of no multiplayer which means no replay value. Good day.
Not wroth the money. Did not play.
You can not do anything with this system, unless you have an internet connection, and its not just the setup. This is something buyers should be told before purchasing this system.
You must avoid this for religion reasons. They offense jesus in the story and you step on his face twice in the storyline.
I was very unsatisfied with my order. Packaged very poorly.
Ive downloaded many of these games from amazon and this is the first one that my anti virus just wouldnt let me download.
This is the worst product i bought on amazon, components are of poor quality and i also came bad. So if i liked was the good amazon responsibility to take action and return the money.
Never synced or worked properly.
Bleh. Repetitive to the point of boredom.
As a gamer expecting something similar to the previous editions of battlefront and who greatly prefers rpgs in general, this game is a colossal disappointment.
This game is made by microsoft and now they are trying to import it on the ps3 for money, dont support this practice.
It started off great, but then it bricked after two days. I tried a lot of different methods to revive the little guy, but i couldnt find anything that worked. I am a sad.
I give this refurbished product no stars. The head phones will not charge. They stop charging after a few minutes on the charger, this causes it to not hold any charge.
They dont fit my kids regular 3ds nor my 3dsxl despite being marketed as replacements for the 3dsxl. Even when fully collapsed it hangs out the bottom almost an inch where as the factory one is flush.
Broke after 2 hrs of use.
Did not work. Waste of money.
Game never worked.
Other games done what this tried to do better. Very subpar graphics and animation quality that would have been bad even on the previous gen keep this game from even being a 2 star filler title.
This piece of s corrupted on me out of nowhere. I was enjoy playing my videogames and all of a sudden the saved data erased.
Stripped screw like they others. Replacement already coming. Amazon gets a 5 but this is product review. Heavy plastic and seems long lasting.
The game its just lame. No objectives. No lore. No music just a repetitive background. No nothing. Just something to kill time.
Difficult to play solo. And servers all most of the time down for maintenance.
This is another moneygrab ripoff dlc from ps4. Dont waste your money.
Ok, i got on of these things for my game boy and guess what. It sucked the juice out of my battities that i used in my gameboy.
Warning. This product is at all brickandmortar locations for 199. 99.
When we received this game the game was opened and had fingerprints all over it. I just hope it all works it was bought as a gift.
Very poor game. And put out by that total joke origin. I got about 30 minutes into the game and decided it wasnt worth playing.
Same two game system for 20 years plus. Nintendo please quit pay walling the game.
I had high hopes after reading reviews and took a shot at it. It doesnt work, tried it on several tvs and it just refuses to work. Get a vga box instead.
This game would be fun if it sized to my screen properly. It adjusts to the far left and i cant see everything.
The cash grab that never was.
Really disappointed in this game. I only paid 20 for it and still felt ripped off.
Did not work at all.
My ps3 wouldnt update and download the game this is the only game of over 50 my ps3 wouldnt play.
Didnt know its for girls.
It would not work.
If ok to use if you dont have a debitcredit card but is really time consuming to have to input all the numbers every single time.
Lousy game free get what is worth.
I wish i could get rid of it.
Worst. Limited. Edition. Ever. When it comes to dumbed down before launch released the soundtrack fate cards to everyone, no premium box and releasing the exclusive limited edition contents code to everyone.
I want this game bad but have not found one that will work i am trying to return 2nd now.
Dont buy. It is a rip off by amazon and konami. Only one mission should be a 5. 00 game. If you buy anyway you have been warned. Pure junk.
Waste of time and 1. 99. Should be called a seek and find. Nothing to solve, no thinking involved.
It came in the mail all beat up and didnt work. A waste of money.
It heats up and never turns back on.
Waste on money. When applied it does not hug the controller at all. Its looses and the cut outs where the sticks are supposed to be are way small and actually hinders performance.
S didnt work u lucky i aknt send it back. Sold it to my cousin for 5 dollars he did some kind of cleaning for it to work.
Loses signal often. Switched back to wired mouse.
Its nhl 14 with bergeron on the box.
Bad, reply to customer service no one anwswer.
I hate it.