Perfect match for the one on the other side of our camper.
Installed on 2001 wrangler 4. 0l without a hitch.
Looks most exciting.
Returned part, no problems.
This is a excellent product, nice finish, smells good, i am very happy with the purchase. Chemical guy cws 107 extreme body wash.
Easy on, easy off, looks fantastic. I did my whole truck and it used such a little, so they bottle will last a long time.
This light matches my yellow fog lights perfectly. I have hids and you can still see these lights in the lenses.
Good quality very accurate item.
Great quality box.
3inch gasket with 2 hole no problems with anything its a little soft but for a better snug fit. When this one worns down ill be sure to purchase a new one from here.
Outstanding rv product.
Love will order again.
Perfect fit for my bike as it shood be.
Extremely cool. Really makes the interior more interesting. Installs fairly easily, relly happy with this.
Nice filters. Easy to spin on and off.
Sturdy. Keep the pipe at an ideal slant for draining.
Great spark plugs for a great vehicle.
Its tint. I have tinted most of my vehicles myself about 6. This tint is exactly what tint is supposed to be. Would purchase again.
I xcellent variety of vacum lugs, i use them on my self cocking crossbow, they are used to cover the metal tips of the cocking bars that pull the string back to keep the string from fraying.
Smells like crud but works great.
Exact fit indicated. I just took off my old and installed the new within a minute. Very good price as well.
A must have for wrangler hard tops.
The halos alone are really bright, i replaced the bulb that came with it with a 9006 led bulb.
Good product. Good seller.
Great improvement over the stock plastic blender screw. I dont have to worry about this one breaking, like i did the original.
Good strong anchor kit. However, only works if you have ground soft enough to screw them down into. Otherwise a great product.
Cannot live without it. Very sturdy.
Buy this stuff instead of armor all. Google the harm that armor all causes.
Cleans very well, i was impressed. I use it on auto windows.
Great addition to my midsize ranger 800. When i need the full bed it simply lifts out and spins so it hangs over the outer edge. Very pleased.
Outstanding lock. Outstanding value. I bought 3 of these locks as they are built to last and most intimidating to amateur thieves.
A lot of cranking power in a tiny and light package. Powers my race car at track events.
Well worth getting. You can see clear at night. Best bulb on the market. Very happy with my purchase.
Love it, just cleaned it after two years of use and still holds up. Every auto shop recognizes it and does not try to replace the filter.
Have a 1971 chevelle. Fit and work great.
These worked right out of the parking lot. Half of a bag in each new tire and the ride is smooth and wobble free.
Worked and fit just as it should was very good buy.
Nice bright. Easy difect fit install, took me less than 10 minutes to install both.
This worked great on a 1974 alfa romeo spider.
It does everything i expected it to.
No streaks. Nice and smooth window wiper blades. Works really well. At a good price to for good wiper blades.
Very nice snug fit gloves. Great for the price.
Worked great for our application. So far so good.
Very handy for home oil changes. Easy to carry and looks cool to impress the ladies.
Has worked flawlessly. Adjustment is quick and simple. A great bang for the buck that i would definitely buy again.
Worked as advertised. Difficult to get into the tire, but worked.
Fits perfect on tundra crewmax. Price is little higher than other products but its well worth it.
Fit and went in easily unit looks heavier duty then some other units good price.
Awesome jack. A little on the heavy side but seems solid and well made. So far so good.
Okay, i will give just the technical specs of this gauge from a specific, logical and smart evaluation. Lets start. Wow. That may be a little too brief. Mannnnn, wow.
This is a great heater to put on oil and transmission pan during very cold winters for easier starts. The mornings or negative temperatures and this being on for five hours made starting very easy.
Good as new.
More than happy with this bar. Really bright and havent had any trouble with it. Really good investment and had it for 8 months till it was stollen. Now have a 52in curved and security bolts.
As good as the factory pump. Used on 1998 k1500 vortec 350.
Works great should keep moisture out.
Works greatpushes old grease outbetter than using heataltough removing fitting and cleaning or replacing fittings makes sense to me because of the low cost.
Sharp looking and comfortable.
Excellent lights. I put these in the back pumper of my tundra for rear lighting. With two other led lights under the bumper. Wow. Its daylight back there. Lol. Plus these give a nice custom look to the bumber.
Only used this a couple of times, but its got one of everything. Seems like a great tool so far.
Nice replacement for the cheap plastic ones that come not he jeep.
Quick and easy instill. There was no instructions but its not really complicated to put on.
Just awesome, easy installation.
Ended up returning because my mechanic had parts already but was a direct fit for a 93 yj 6 cylinder.
Love it hooked it up on my plow mount, and it works great, can see very well at night to snowplow.
They work great and put out a fair amount of light. Definitely cleans up the look of the car.
Works perfect for my gmc owners manual that did not come with a case.
Works great on my polaris rzr. The bracket is metal and mounts great.
Did what i expected it to do while tightening the rope on my new winch the first time. Seems well made so i hope it continues to be good.
Worked great. No issues and it saved us a trip to find the part locally. We live in the boonies so that is a bonus.
Came quickly. Not a cheap pos. Feels solid as well as moves air far better.
Good price and easy install compared to dealer ripoff.
These led lights look very nice, and are about twice as bright as the oem lights that came with my silverado.
This is a key to keeping my 6 volt battary up for cold starts.
Great price and works as stated.
Great stuff. I use it on my guns to remove minor oxidation and slight surface rust without damaging the underlying finish. Inexpensive and effective. One can lasts a while too.
Terrific wires at a terrific price for 2008 gmc yukon xl denali, 6. 2l. Work just fine.
Much better looking and brighter than oem.
Very good quality and fit my vehicle.
This is one of those items you will wonder how you ever got by without it. Works as advertised and makes accurate oil changes of partial quart quantities a breeze.
Installed and working perfectly, love the natural white light it puts out versus my old incandescent bulbs.
Great products for the money.
We run these on our farm equipment. Super bright. Very durable.
I have these on my 07 jeep jkur. These are being used with a procomp wheels. Work great.
Ford replacement air filter exactly what i wanted.
Great case for people like me that have a broken case. Only drawback is that it doesnt have the honda logo.
This is my second set, first set lasted over a year and are the best ive ever used.
Bought a can before and use it on my white 1992 mercury capri. Brought the white out and shines great. Thank you.
Works perfectly, great price, would buy again from this seller.
Cheap money blue line decals, they work.
These deer whistles really work. We saw 4 deer running in a field along the highway and were starting to turn to cross the highway and as we approached at 55 mph, the deer stopped dead in their tracks.
The monroe 171662l strut fit was just the like odm strut. Easy to install. My 03 impla has that like new ride again. Good price from the seller and arrived on time.
Great product for a nice price.
Perfect fit easy on looks great.
Wonderful wipers, better than the stock ones that came on my truck. Works great on my qx80. Michelin wipers are great wipers at a lower price than some other brands, i have them on all my cars now.
Very fast delivery fit was perfect.
Worked on my 2010 silverado license plate but not my 05 suburban for some reason. Still looks cool.
It took me about 10 minutes to install both levers. They look great in my bike and much better than the stock white ones.
Great sticker. Actually hooked it up with a free one. I will order more. Now slapping it on my speaker box. Thanks.
Much better than i expected. It works with all freon applications. Needless to say, the price is right.
These arrived very fast perfect and definatly heavy duty.
Does the job, for a good price. What else do you want.
Worked nice tighten up my tail gate.
Great replacement for the fabric cover.
Great kit for the compared to others i have used.
Fits perfectly on my 2017 lexus is 200t.
Fits well on my v6 accord and rsx. Heavy duty filter.
Works as it should. I didnt need one but it was cheap enough so why not.
Works great on my john dere 112, replaced mechanical pump.
Great for cleaning dark painted rv, no scratching at all.
Just what the doctor ordered.
Works great makes clutch adjustment a lot easer.
Used as reverse lights and lights up the night.
This grease will lube up the tightest holes, just ask my wife.
Ive bought multiple batteries from these guys for my kids pws with no issues. Oldest one has right at 2 years on it and still performs like new.
Works as good as oem.
The best stuff ever. And what a great price.
Anyone who works on their weapons andor tactical gear needs loctite. Dont want your gear falling off at the range or in a tactical situation. Get your loctite and be ready.
Good factory replacements.
Worked great on my helios spoked chrome mags. More work than they advertise but worth the results.
I think they are better than oem cr9e plugs. Be very cautious gapping them to the 28 gap more fragile electrodes that oem cr9e.
Used for final polishing after waxing vehicle. These are very good microfiber towels.
I like it work find i did not had to spend money like crazy buying it on the mazda dealer.
Good price and works.
Purchased for hubbys new truck and he loves them. They are bright.
Easy t ouse showroom shine.
Was glad to find it. Thanks.
Works great on my plastic windows in my jeep and also works on plastic headlights. Very good product.
Working fine. Made in brazil. Included rubber seal.
Make my 06 camry look like new. Easy install, rims are not coming off.
Tres bon produit merci.
Quick replacement, worked fine.
Best in i ever had trust me i tried them all love it.
Didnt fit my 2017 ford with the blind spot sensor. To much to do so i didnt return. I did buy the third brake light bed lights. They are awesome.
They came very quickly and i had mechanic install them and my truck rides like a dream.
Ive tried 3 after market belts, and all only lasted a year. I went back to toyotas belt. The belt was better quality and thicker than the aftermarket brand.
Perfect fit on my 02 explorer.
This fit my 2007 subaru impreza 2. 5i wagon great. I use it with factory aero crossbars. Perfect size for this car, not too bulky yet enough space for cargo.
I ordered the wrong light but i was able to return it. I ordered the h7 and if these are anything like that they are bright.
Perfect for my needs. Could not find it locally, quality of curt products are wonderful.
Pain in the neck to install. Quality filter. Saved a lot of.
Fit great great price.
Great sound and low price.
Ngk blue wires are oem quality or better. Perfect fit and function on a geo prizm 1. 6 aka toyota corolla.
Works great in my 2012 tundra. I love having a full readout on the lcd screen.
Replaced a different brand on my camper that started to leak. Easy to install. Used last camping trip no issues.
Had to adjust the gap a little bit, and other than changing spark plugs on my cbr1000 being such a pia. These are working great.
Came in excellent condition, fit great and is what i wanted. I made sure to vacuum the box before installing and closing the filter box. Highly recommended, looks just like the picture.
Easy application, no fiberglass splinters in hands and keeps the heat in the pipes so we can gettyupngo. Great product and pricing.
Like my buffer and its detail well.
Fits flawlessly and blends perfectly an anchors to the original bolt holes making it a home run. Amazing amount of storage.
Perfect for the truck.
Used it on two different repairs one had been there for a while and i was amazed at how invisible the crack became.
Made the cel turn off on my 02 gmc. Well worth it.
Fits perfectly and easy to remove. Time will tell if its working properly as the mil check engine light will illuminate in 2 days if its not sealing properly.
Simple, but works perfectly.
Funny as hell. I had a terrorist sticker just like it before. This sticker looks great on the fridge in the man cave.
Work fit perfectly.
Seems to be aright. Does seem like its starting to get sun faded, as it does sit outside.
2011 chevy silverado look great tight fit.
Very precise control, works better than the one that came with the set.
Always good to have. You need 3 of these 1 for the oil and 2 for the coolant plugs so you dont have to work so hard during the flush and fill time.
These work great, dry well with no swirls and have held up well to many washings now. I will continue to restock as these get lost, borrowed or worn out.
This is a great led light, very bright. I used this to replace the incandescent bulbs for my backup lights in my 2017 premier chevrolet volt.
Perfect for a truck campers stability.
Great value and easy install. A must for you vehicles.
Good product. Can be used for clay baring your vehicle as well.
Works well. Led tend to emit light when running and off but it is normal.
Absolutely gorgeous. Much bluer than i thought theyd be, it looks phenomenal ive even already gotten pulled over for it. Theyre bright as hell and extremely crisp. Definitely an excellent purchase, i couldnt be happier.
Work well and a breeze to install.
They look good and are bright.
What more can i say.
As advertised great price and i received very quickly.
Well made, east install, perfect.
Cant really vouch for the fuses, which are kinda hard to test, but i love having a kit of them and the one ive used so far fit and worked just fine.
Its a large heavy duty hook and should work perfectly.
All the parts that i needed plus extra oil.
Very satisfied with purchase and delivery.
Well built and great if you want to mount anything from your rearview mirror. You can use it for gps, dash cameras, go pro, or cellphones.
I got this off amazon cheaper than i can get a cheap fram around town. Since its a kn i know its quality. Highly recommend.
Makes pulling into a tight garage space super easy. Took a little while to aim the laser, but it has worked flawlessly since.
So much cheaper than anywhere else and came with super instructions to program it.
Jumped a truck with it took a while but it worked.
Fit great and was easy to install.
Use these on highlander, sequoia and 4runner for many years. Not one problem.
Perfect fit 2005 grand caravan. Trying this brand, last brand lasted two years.
Perfect replacement. Has been working flawlessly for months.
Thick steel and precise bends. Fits perfect.
Just recently top cap will leak if not put on correctly. I do have another cap if its worn. I think it is.
These are just a bit sportier than oem caps. I get a lot of compliments on them. Thanks for a great product.
The finish is good quality and they fit perfectly without any modifications.
Very nice. Looks perfect on my truck.
I bought this for my girl friend, she loves it. She calls it her quad purse, arrived quick and packed well. Very pleased.
I bought this cable because the power cord on my air compressortire inflater wasnt long enough to reach from the cab to the rear wheels of my pickup. Its a nice solid heavy cord with great utility.
This made installing an oil pan gasket a cinch and i had no leaks.
Great for tapping into circuits without a lot of fuss. Made my life easier.
Needed longer plug in. Makes it easier to plug unplug. It also saves on the plug that was going bad.
Very smooth operation. They feel great.
These are very high quality wipers and bosch makes them very easy to install. They work well in all seasons. Been using bosch wipers for many years now. No complaints.
I used this to pump oil into my atv. This pump has a lot of control and doesnt leak. I couldnt have asked for a better pump.
It was just what we were looking for. For these summer months and looks cool. Cant beat it. Awesome product.
I bought this to seal pin hole leaks in rusted steel irrigation pipes. Welding just made the holes bigger in the rusted pipe. These plugs worked excellent plus ill have them later to fix tires.
Works perfect, good price, in the store price 199. 00 plus tax i recommended this seller.
Replacement for a broken set. That was broken by accident.
Fits great on my 2003 jeep grand cherokee 4. 0l, i prefer these over other brands and i think they look nicer too.
Fit like a glove on my 2006 trailblazer.
Dont buy the rebuild kit. Buy this instead.
Works quite well. Nice added feature of seeing at night.
Very nice. Gives the car a fresh clean look and smell. I recommend.
Works great, easy install rides much better pulling the rv.
This item was as described and worked as it should. Not sure how much more you need from this type of thing.
Wow. Love this. No more wearing out the shoulder putting my load leveling hitch. This unit does the hard lifting for me. Super easy install. Cant say enough good about it.
Fit perfectly and instructions were of great assistance.
This is the nicest wheel cover i have ever had. Really tight fit and excellent quality. Well worth the money.
The item arrived on time and as described and works great.
Produces suds, which isnt nice for a windscreen fluid. But it gets the job done and doesnt leave much residue great. I use it with distilled water, no water spots.
What more can you say. Kuryakyn makes great stuff.
These locks are the cats meow. No padlock to possibly cut off. I would highly recommend these.
Bg is a superior product.
This light works great for what i use it for. It surpasses my expectations. I just might buy another one, just because.
Excellent product recommended, llegoen the indicated time.
Excellent and perfect.
Worked well right out of the box.
Did a great job.
Great product and easy to use right out of the box. Would highly recommend this item who is interested in getting from point a to point b without any hassles.
Excellent value, good product. Fits like the original and way less expensive.
Works great on my 2014 ram. Bought deezee first and it didnt last.
This was super nice. I just couldnt use it on my carrier.
They line up perfectly with existing mounting holes. If you have light brackets mounted at bottom of your windshield you will need to get longer bolts.
Nice item plus good price.
Looks great. Very bright but havent had out on trail yet.
They look very good and feel good.
Good clean decal.
Very nice tow rope for the money.
Ordered bulbs for puck lights in kitchen. Worked great. Hope they last longer than the lowes product. At least they ar cheaper.
Genuine honda products, no complaint except pricey.
Easy replacement for oem bulbs, much brighter and give off a whiter light. Given they are led, replacement should be a non issue.
Arrived faster then expected. Great fit and im more then happy with the purchase.
Very easy install. Will see how well they perform. These are rigid plastic, and i was thinking they would be more of a flexible rubber.
Good product to seal on rubber roof of rv.
Very easy install and perfect fit. Cuts down on noise with the sunroof open.
As expected, these splash guards fit my 2016 f150 perfectly, and do what they are designed to do. They look nice too.
Works great on mb e550 w212.
I had to replace the fuel rail pressure regular for my wifes sporttrac due to a check engine code. And this was the culprit causing the problem.
The absolute best. Not as expensive as some brands but exactly the same quality and coverage.
Awesome reliable caliper tool been using it regularly with no fails at all.
It fits my 2011 jeep grand cherokee 5. 7l hemi v8 as expected.
Came all oil soaked and ready to use.
Extremely sharp, works very very well, love the simplicitydesign, light and easy to hold.
Excellent twoinone leather cleanerconditioner.
Perfect fit and they work as expected.
The recipient loved it.
A must after wet sanding your cars clear coat. Wonderful product and well worth the cost.
Love it will be buying more for may family to use they always keep taking mine.
Use in all my cars, the 040 is perfect for euro turbo engines.
Great spare tire for our camper and best of all was already full of air not to mention the delivery was fast.
Nice heavy duty box.
Always a quality product.
Look great, ride great on the highway, perform well on the path. Hard packed dirt, soft, rocky, water, surprising well in soft sand. Read my front tire review.
Just as expected. But a car wash ripped it off in about a week. Looked great before that.
Great barefoot serves as support base for snake wrench sculpture requiring cutting, filing and drilling holes for two screw attachment.
I love the look and the easy install. Its made for the tundra without a doubt. I do think the price is just a little high.
I like it, looks good, just make sure you have a rack on it, if no i wont fit.
Not much to say other than it does what its supposed to. I didnt use the repair sleeve for the crank seal, so cant comment on how well that works.
Great quality for the low price i paid very happy.
Arrived quickly and correct size i ordered. Installed on motorcycle without issue.
Great product if you can change an alternator by yourself. This was a high quality and great looking part at a fraction of the cost. I wouldnt hesitate buying again for another car.
Bought these for my lowered 4wd silverado. Wish i wouldve bought the airbag kit instead but they served their purpose.
Great product this is the only soap i use now at my shop. Great smell and makes awesome foam in my snow foamer. Also adds a great shine.
Good quality, heavy duty mat, perfect fit. This is just what i was looking for. Obviously i received the best mat. Thanks.
The best wax money can buy. It puts turtle wax mothers or new finish or any other brand. No comparison.
Attached strongly to a sheet of metal, will hold a 20 oz bottle well, and rember you can get duis on riding lawn mowers.
These are a must have for stabilizer jacks.
Works great and the car starts very quick now.
Excellent purchase. Towels soak up liquid very well. I quit using old towels that continue to unravel.
Best quality gas cap that ive purchased. Very robust.
Used in my honda 2000 generator. Runs perfect.
Nice and not super super bright.
Nice product. Great price.
This thing is great. So much easier to unlock with doors.
Nice little lights for my trailer plates.
Work great and stay in place.
Still working even after 5 xenon bulbs.
Very nice and clear taillights for the price, considering dealer parts are so expensive. I put these on my car several months ago and they are still looking good, even through a michigan winter.
Makes my 06 avalon xls look so much nicer.
Connector work perfect for my application which was connecting a wix 33737 fuel filterpressure regulator in my 5. 3l conversion into my 48 willy, s.
I have a hd sealed battery and this product has worked for me. It does take a few hours to charge the battery depending on the charge your battery requires to achieve 100.
Great organizer love the color coding.
We used this last week and it works great. The only thing is if you are cold it takes a few mins. To get hot but when it does it is great.
Great product works very well.
Plug and play. I bought these with no expectations of any thing other then a color match to my headlamps. They are bright but you dont really gain much over light over stock.
Works very well. I used it on some plastic parts on a honda scooter and it kept them together very well. I would use again.
My 02 wrangler washer died. I switched the rear front one for a while, then got around to ordering this. It seems to have better pressure, and im happy. Fast shipping.
Handy dude to have.
Excellent quality, would buy again down the road for the next service.
Hard to find door lock rod clipgreat productfast shippinggood price.
Perfect for the rear on my 2006 pontiac gto.
Good value, so far are holding up, excellent.
Pros fits on perfectly. Easy to and add to the existing wires. Cons no problems. Another perfect fit by acdelco.
Very nice little units. Ill be buying several more for the new solar setup.
Great as all ways.
After drying, the finish is not sticky or oily. Nicely reconditions leather seats.
This thing made a night and day change after the lift on my wj. Before the upgrade i was wandering all over the road, now stable and secure on road ride with my iro 3 kit and bilstein 5100s.
Excellent bushings. Love the bushing inside the bushing concept. No more front end clunk.
Perfect fit, plug and play.
Good just what im hoping for and for the price its all worth it.
Its lucas. Enough said.
Good bang for the buck if you use a lot of clay lube when detailing a car.
Works great. No leaks and looks decent.
Works as designed. Patched the damaged area perfectly. Added bondo product, smoothed, sanded and results match perfectly with the surrounding body area. Ready for primer and paint.
Fit my 2003 nissan maxima perfectly. Heavy duty blades. Came as described and works great.
A greate product and a good purchase. I use it when i go to the lumber yard or when i want to carry my 14 foot kayak.
Nice product and looks great, easy to instal.
Perfect fit on my 2004 corolla. Updates it well and i dont have to worry about it breaking.
Makes glass crystal clear.
Good for price.
Great oil but found it local same price.
Installed on the truck and rides just as smooth as it did before. Idk why but the front sits just a little higher that the back now. Anyway they work as intended.
Seems durable and good design. Have not put it in the water yet so well see if its as good as it seems.
Delivery and item as described, very happy.
Good filter that fit perfectly.
This item far exceeded my expectation, fits perfectly, good craftsmanship quality construction and you cant beat the price. Thank you hiend motorsports.
Used to flush my transmission lines and cooler. Worked great.
Powers my mattress inflator for camping. The vehicle needs to be running in order to deliver adequate wattage, but still works great.
Check your car, may take 23 diferent sizes as mine does.
Quiet, quality built awesome little guy. Comes with adapters for various household inflation needs you can use for basketballs, gym balls etc.
Finally, a product that really does clean with no streaks on car windows. Thank you.
Johnsens 134a is 100 00 good.
Very handy tools to have and at a very nice price, bought them for spark plug changes, but can be used in very different ways. Thanks.
Took some fiddling, but overall its a good alternative to oem. Purchased fn818 and installed on 97 impreza outback sport 2. 2l.
Great price for great oil.
A great product to repair a leaking valve on your rv tanks.
As gas prices skyrocket again over the fake shortages, you need to maximize your mpgs with this product.
These are so lightweight and easy to use. They fold up easy and store in my console and then flip out quickly when i park my truck.
Fantastic. Way better than stock. Loud in the city but perfect sound on the highway. The chrome is great. Like ultra chrome. Im totally impressed with these pipes.
This system replaced by old set and the power difference was noticeable right away. I had 130, 00 miles on the old ones.
Bought to minimize rocks thrown up by the front tires. While it did cut down the rocks it did not eliminate them.
So far working good for what i needed. Sry good product. Worked very well for what i needed.
Holds air does what its supposed to so far so good.
Works good. Great for atv, motorcycle, lawnmower sized batteries. Takes a while for it to charge my marine battery for my john boat.
Only the best oil for my diesel.
I love marinetex. I used it this time to patch my kayak and it worked perfectly.
Gets the job done. One handed release or snap in while driving.
Day light at 3am when i reverse found the right bulbs for my 2018 f150.
Just what i needed to replace the dash lights on my old truck.
Worked on my truck.
I love this frame. I got it to advertise my shop and it looks fantastic. Great contrast between the letters and the frame.
Just purchased a second set of the for our new 5th wheel rv, will be putting the 4 of them under the automatic leveling jacks when we go camping next time.
I have been looking for naval jelly for some time. None of my local stores seem to carry it. This is the same naval jelly i used years ago.
Purchased for a vehicle graphic install. 3m 1080 is second to none for fit, finish, workability, and durability in application. Just make sure you use a felt edge tool or youll scuff the beautifully glossy surface of the vinyl.
Cute little sticker. Was a gag gift that was loved.
Fits my theme.
I like having this in my jeep so i can handle my own wheel issues and help others in need. Seems fine for the price, but i wouldnt say its the most solid tool i own.
Works on my 2014 tao tao 50 moped.
Easy to install, nice edition to the security for your jk.
This was the first time i have used a fillityourself battery and it is very well thought out and a easy to do.
Works as advertised and adds a very nice touch to the cab of your jeep, easy to install and very sturdy.
Its motul what could you expect.
It worked perfect, nice item, heavy and great quality.
Nice price nice air cleaner.
Great prioduct and great fit.
These lights are very bright and priced excellently. I will be definitely purchasing these again.
It will keep your plug dry so buy it.
Tracked the problem which was ignition not fuel.
Great product great fit.
Worked perfectly on my 2007 f150 supercab.
Standard camper porch light.
Great, practical product and delivered on time.
Very bright and well worth the money. No problems yet.
Works great. Easy to use.
Used this along with edgecoat for restoring a vintage leather riding jacket. When on to restore an old leather belt and a wornout leather wrapped steering wheel.
Much better than a c clamp. Worth the money. Use old pad and go slow and this is so easy.
This is stronger than my old one.
Adds that sleek look to my license plate. Also at a great price.
Very bright. I have been using them for a few weeks now and have had no problems like the reviews have said.
Royal purple makes excellent oil and additives. I have not really noticed any difference with this product. It has gotten much hotter and the temp needle remains the same. I say give it a try.
I like the blue led. Pretty good value here.
Works much better than expected. Definitely worth the 100. Volume is too low to hear music well if you have loud pipes but intercom works great.
Great for inside and outside of the car. Very happy.
Wow works great for me i liked it will but again.
Not a gm product but still looks good and easy install.
Fit well and a good price.
This helps keep the fuel from draining back out of the carburetor on sears riding mowers. A strong government requires a weak people chief macsalt.
Looks and fits great. No leaks.
Really great decal. Fits good on my small side windows in my car. I used a credit card to get the air out while applying.
I bought these to replace my old sagging hood struts on my 1997 ford f150. After watching a quick utube video on how to replace them, it took me about 3 mintes to replace both struts. A perfect fit.
Im glad that it is brighter but not use to the lighter red brake light because of the intense white of the led bulb.
I use these very often. Helps me feel a lot safer when under my truck. They adjust well enough to get under there without much jacking up and jacking down.
Quick and easy to install looks great.
I consider wix products to be some of the finest.
Work great and the connection fit perfect.
This gas spout kit worked great on my 15 year old 5 gal gas container. No leaks. Very satisfied.
Unlike my old one this is solid and easy to plugunplug.
First thing i noticed was a light performance boost but the real gain came in a couple days worth of gas savings. Completely satisfied with this product.
Much better than oem, roller not ball.
Install was easy in my 14 subaru impreza after some tinkering.
Easy to use, very handy.
No problems with installation. The end links are offset while most others are straight.
Best floor mats out there, saves the carpet and keeps the truck looking newer for longer. Wouldnt go into the woods without them.
As promised. Great that something so simple makes life so much easier.
This product is awesome.
Ordered 2. Both defective. Cheaply made. Junk.
Would not turn upwards high enough, pointed at the ground.
Does not fit 2001 bmw 5 series as stated. The product should be updated to reflect what this will actually fit.
Wrong part not happy had to go to auto zone to get the job done.
These didnt fit 04 yukon.
Junk. This relay worked for about a week mostly for just moving the 4 wheeler around the garage. Now it only clicks.
Mirror not stable vibrate when driving.
Cheap plastic junk, tried to install it and it tore. I am surprised amazon would carry this.
Dont buy from third gear performance, they do not honor their warranties will stiff you when the junk they sell goes bad.
Too small, go with one size bigger.
I had the key cut for my 2005 honda by locksmith but he could not program it cost me 90. 00 but cant use keyless entry. Would not buy from them again.
I bought this for my 2007 yahmaha stratoliner it barely started it and doesnt hold a charge. You get what you pay for.
These look and feel cheap. The fit is pretty poor and they are not durable. Save your money.
Receive the product broken pain to return.
Nothing wrong with it, it works fine but it turns on my light on dash for liscense plate.
Neither bulb worked in socket i verified was working.
Waiste of money. Horn falls apart. It does not have a genuine aoogah sound at all. A genuine piece of kunk.
As another reviewer noted, this wix filter is slightly bigger for its space. It will not fir into pathfinder. Tyc or bosch filters, while slightly lower quality than wix, will fit fine, so stick with those.
These bulbs are worse than i imagined. My halogens i took out are brighter than these. But hey they were only 30 bucks. I guess i will buy something else.
Didnt work as described. Battery was dead and 9v struggled to actuate injectors.
Didnt help the sensors at all. Used as directed but didnt help.
This product is junk it did not work for me at all.
Started to peel after now wash. Wasted 10.
The lamps were so dim i couldnt see them in daylight. Took them our and put old ones back in.
Lasted a whole 5 months. Byby battery tender and thank you for ruining my weekend a brand new battery.
Doesnt work. I purchased based on the reviews but for whatever reason the computer would not read the sensor. Paid more for the original but the computer picked it up quickly.
Not only did i get only 8 bulbs in a 10 pack but two of those do not work. Junk.
Didnt fit. Offset not big enough for express 3500. Needed to get one for a hummer which fit perfect.
Update its not what im paid for its denso power iridium, its completely different about what im used to buy.
Parts claimed that they fit rx300 along with several other models including camry turns out rx300 is different length than camry. This little oversight is great to find out when you are in the middle of a strut replacement.
The arbor crapped out and started wobbling. Wobbling is not desirable trait for a sander or backing plate.
Had to cut the front part to make it go all the way down 2015 4runner. Total waste of money.
Doesnt work keeps saying it doesnt have power.
Did not come with the tip that screws on to the top of the plug. Usless with out it. Tossed it into the junk draw.
No good. Lasted less than a year.
The advertisement illustrates multiple pieces which lead me to order the product. However, when the product arrived there was only one part of the multiple pieces.
No instructions. I have no idea how it works. In fact, i think they just sent the applicator and not any aquapel.
Used it in my front diff. Did not stop the leak.
When you enter to a river they soak water and light bulbs get dammage. Light quality 410. Easy to install and nice look, they dont seem so resistant.
Product is bright from straight on looking from rear. Bulbs do not show well from the side view. This is very important when backing out of a parking spot.
The lights went bad after about 6 hours not recommended.
Ordered this and received the knock off chinese brand. Stay away.
Did not fit my stool. Traded it for the right part at a local dealer.
The worst item purchased at all.
Not worth giving stars. Product does not fit returning asap.
Very misleading name, it said was a kit, but it comes only one.
Good quality but wrong cap although i entered the vehicle stats.
These burnt out pretty quickly in my bathroom fixture in my rv.
This liner does not fit a 2010 4runner with out the 3rd row seating and without the cargo tray system. It is approximately 10 inches to long. Very disappointed with the product.
Did not come with anything but pads, no clips or any other hardware shown in picture. False advertising on wagner, these are going back and will no longer buy wagner parts.
Did not fit the car. Shipping to ship back was as much as the blade.
This did not fit on my 2 hitch. In fact, i tried 3 different 2 hitches and it didnt fit any of them. Had to return product.
Bought a set 3 months ago and one already starting to flicker and bulbs already dimming. Very disappointed and of course no warranty.
Easy to install but doesnt resist the sun. I wrapped my car roof with it and it has cracked in several places. Definitely wont buy again.
This stuff sucks. It works for a day or 2 and then turns even more dull then it was before.
I couldnt get it to calibrate correctly with tuner studio or megasquirt.
One of the bulbs is not working, seller is not good with replacement also.
Does not fit gs500f.
Flickered after 6 months full of moisture.
Quit working two hours after install.
Broke within 2 weeks. Replaced with gm part, been ok ever since. I guess i got what i paid for.
There is no protective rubber boot on this. Not sure how it would last being exposed without the boot. Not gonna risk finding out. Sending it back.
It pops off and is gone. Tried twice two purchases ie. Stupid me for retrying a crap product.
One never did program, the other made it one day before it wouldnt work anymore. Wasted money for us.
Very small, clip kept on falling off.
Worked great when installed, but failed after 15 months despite minimal use. Outside 1 year warranty. Not recommended.
This did absolutely nothing to a somewhat blemished paint job. The vehicles in their videos were much more blemished and their product worked wonders. This must be a diluted chemical they are selling to consumers.
Was not what i needed.
Came squashed so i cant use it wrinkles and ripples. Dont buy unless it comes in a tube.
Junk. They lasted days and the chips started to fall off the fixtures.
This plate only lasted 3 weeks before been rusted from rain and florida weather. Do not buy you will be very disappointed.
Went out after three months.
I got three bkr6eix and one bkr8eix, totally screwed up my plans and im not a us resident so returning the 1 plug isnt feasible.
These bulbs fall to bits in my motorcycle.
I have a 2011 zx6r and they look out of place and i dont think they r comfy at all. More suitable for a harley type bike. Good quality but not for me.
Useless. The grain went accross the width, not down the length of the paper like it shows in their picture. I will never buy again.
Used on motor cycle exhaust and and i turned dirty white and melted, what a waste and i cant ever return, never again.
Did not fit my fz09 at all and ended up buying another product. Showed up with instructions for a drz even though it said it would fit the fz09.
This was to narrow to fit my car. I trimmed it and it really looked bad.
Didnt fit my e350 van and broke while i was trying to fit it.
I use this to dry car after wash, but leaves streaks. Hard to ring out all water so it doesnt leave streaks.
Theses are so horrible and dim also bad customer service i would not recommend.
Finally got around to having my mechanic install this horn. Sounded good for a 4 days that it worked before it died on me.
Next to useless.
Didnt work match the vehicle as advertised.
Not good for my furniture.
Turnes orange in just a couple days. Noted horrible reception, both am and fm frequencies.
As a few others noted, i also received 18awg, not the 16awg i ordered. In fact, it seems small for 18 as well. Id recommend buying elsewhere for quality wire.
Its not fit bad items.
The string ripped out the holes. One hole would have been ok but it was 4 in a row. I returned it for refund.
Does not fit very well. My dash has all types of valleys and bumps. Suggest a molded type if you do not have a flat top dash.
Less than 200 counted on arrival. Have photos search google.
One blew out within 2 weeks and the other one didnt work. I should be able to get my money back.
Did not fit after they said they would and now i have to pay a restocking fee.
Did not work for my 2 piece hard top that came stock my 1997 wrangler sport.
Garbage return says i have to wait 48 hours for approval and i have to pay return shipping. Not worth spending the money on the return. Only lasted 30 seconds once installed.
The dirt trap wont stay placed level in the bucket. Whenever the water is disturbed putting your hand, sponge, mitt, brush, etc. The dirt trap begins to float and turns vertical. I do not recommend this product.
What hibeam, its totally under power, dont waste your money.
Made no difference refund please.
Well 2yrs later and hardly ever used dead battery. What a waste of money. Piece of garbage so dont rely on this. My smaller older battery from rav is still going strong but this pos has never performed.
Mag 1 doesnt give any stats on octane boost. Over priced junk. Go with nos boost it works and gives you the n umbers that it will raise octane.
Trust the bad reviews. These are junk. Cracking, sliding, deformed plastic. All of this has happened to me. Just threw a pair away and will be replacing the other pair before they fail completely.
Started causing problems now costing me more money, put my old starter clutch back in cause it at least works right.
Lh cv joint is showing signs of leaking i dont know how to get ahold detroit axle in reguards to get it repaced thank you.
This mirror is a piece of junk. Within a month, of course after the return policy is up, the swivel ball adjustment on the mirror is completely loose and flops around in the wind. Garbage.
Loud and didnt move much air. I sent it back.
Very cheap part. It lasted 5 months and broke. Then they want me to send part back for testing so they can send me another one. What am i supposed to drive while its getting tested. Terrible customer service.
2 of the coils went bad after a week. Ended up at the local store buying more. Money wasted.
1 star because mine did not come with the switch. Had to get another switch since package did not come with the double switch pictured.
A waste of my money. I sprayed it throughout the car twice for two days. Couldnt tell it had been used.
Did not work well. Bottle would tip over and fall.
Its been a little over a year, and the drivers side light has already deteriorated. They look good, but they should last longer. No way to contact seller.
Did not receive pictured gasket. Got the solid metal looking one instead. Also is too big, its very loose. Would give 0 stars if i could just because i have to do the job again.
2 out of the 10 will not light up. They are actually led but 20 defect rate is extreme.
Does not fit as described.
3 day only. Really bad. Is totally dead. After 3 day. Dont buy it.
It leaks everywhere. Im going to try another gasket. Edit this is the 3rd one that leaks. I tried everything possible.
Its pretty bad. Sits way high on your head. Gives you a very comical look. Ill be sending this back.
This doesent fit tight or stay tight in the board.
Did not work on a ls starter. Maybe on other stuff.
Item did not worked from the beginning. Returned immediately.
Bad bad bad product.
I ordered it for 2017 colorado with a 2. 8 diesel engine it did not fit wrong thread.
Fitment was very lose still have them.
They did not fit my vehicle as specified in amazon.
Seems to be of good quality but it didnt fit my 99 323i sedan.
I changed my review from 5 stars to only one, and the reason for that is that the color of the antenna turned from black to a strange ornage color.
Doesnt work correctly.
Sucks for so many reasons, but the most important reason is that there are absolutely no instructions with it. I sent it back and bought a better product from another seller.
Could not get it to work, because it did not come with product key.
Never work it was not programmed and people i called were very disrespectful and hard to deal with never would i have any one boy this.
Does not fit well on the armrest box. Poor design.
Bought one of these and it blew apart after 1 week so i bought another thinking i had a bad batch but the same happened. I should have returned it but missed the 30 day deadline.
Bought last august, 5 months later in january theyre already getting hard, streaking, and chattering.
Poorly made. Did not last 5 minuets out of the box. Very unhappy with my experience.
Very dim when installed. Was expecting as bright or brighter that oem bulbs. Would not recommend.
Used it 1 time and top seal is leaking.
This was junk. It didnt work and spent considerable time trying to make it work. Dont buy it.
Only half the lights worked.
Even when i put four layers on, it still looks yellow on the pod leds in pic.
Does not fit my 2012 honda civic lx and is very flimsy cheaply made. Returned it and getting a genuine honda air filter.
Not as good as stock.
This product does indeed work. The problem is it dries in the container and the lid becomes rusty. If you only need it once or a few times, it is great.
Does not fit 2016 porsche cayenne 2016 v6. Totally different design even thought it says the filter would fit it. Look at picture of the correct design.
Seized up on me after less than a hundred hours. Yes it had nice clean oil at the proper level and was being maintained properly.
This adhesive works well as a sealant, and is pretty much worthless as an adhesive. It has the same smell, color, consistency, texture, and drying time as clear silicone caulk.
Be aware your car will not start even if you transfer the remote component from the original key. This key is not programmable and it will not work for 2006 and beyond models. I returned the one i purchased.
Cut it open for youtube review. Paper and cardboard. Chinese junk.
Bluetooth does not pick up and connect with my obd autodoctor software. My wifi unit works just fine.
Brother installed these in his 2009 hyundai tucson in addition to being sleightly blue, they broke into 2 pieces. Care was taken during installation, just crappy build quality.
Had to have it replaced today april 4th just put in at the end of february.
Not compatible, original one did, neither one of these did.
Doesnt work as well as ford cetane booster. New ford diesel engines want to go into particle filter clean mode more often. I would not recommend this product to anyone with 6. 7 ford diesel engines.
Lights will not turn off when jeep is running. If i turn the engine off then i get them to turn off. Jeep patriot is a no go for these.
I had to return it because the pin that holds the whole bottom end of the anchor, including the flukes had failed. Essentially i received a bag of parts. Returned.
Waste of money.
Just as a review said before. Was just the bard, didnt even come in a box, they didnt even send the screws and it had wear on it for it to be new.
This stuff is junk. Save your money.
Did not come with the medal zip ties.
I bought this for a 2015 ram 2500. Its fit a little loose. I left it in the hitch and it fell out somewhere on the road. I do not recommend this for a 2. 5 inch hitch.
Hate to write bad reviews. But this hose isnt a good hose. It is soft. You can squeeze it with your fingers. And as a result. It kinks. Shutting off the flow of gas. I found it unuseable.
This does not stick to a painted tool box very well. I wished id returned it but now it a boat anchor.
Brakes pulsating already. Do not buy. Amazon didnt follow thru with warranty.
For being 100 stainless steel this sure took less then a year to complete rust. Waste of money.
This doesnt fit anything. It creates a vacuum.
All the bristles fell off after a few months, so longevity wise it isnt worth having, honestly. I used it with the typical, consumer grade, high strength, water based detergent.
You can convert a set of h9s for much le.
First time i used it it did not shut off automatically. Overflowed cell and i had to manually remove excess. Tried on a second cell with same results.
Although the bulb has a nice warm temperature which i desired, i had one of the bulbs overhead and an led chip fell off the bulb. I returned the bulbs as i have concerns regarding their quality.
Dont have weathertech warranty.
Complete junk. Super thin in spots, i wouldnt trust this to hold 100 fluid let alone over 200.
Junk. Thin and doesnt cover whole seat.
Back to s100 for me. This stuff doesnt help release bugs and grime at all.
This should be removed from amazon. Not only does it not fit but when you try to fabricate it to work, it breaks apart. Complete waste of moneytime.
Too much load put on the bolt, not enough support on the bracket.
Cheesie piece of junk it doesnt drip when you push on the bottom, it squirts. Not worth the trouble to send it back so its headed for the trash can.
These are not pf48 filters, what was ordered and what was received are different. Items received are pf48e filters. Im not putting these on my truck there is a difference between the pf48 and pf 48e.
Not good it has damage.
Problems with supplier returned.
Didnt work on any of the vehicles i used it on to transfer gas from one tank to the next.
This helmet fogs real bad, i can not use it till i find something to take care of fog problem.
They disintegrated, wore off the edges, damaged my paint.
Needle jitters to much.
Keeps popping of the window dont waste ur time with rthis product def not worth the price not matter what the cost was.
Thought i had gotten a deal. Well after both had stopped working after about a month, i realized i need to pay a little more for better quality.
It was already registered to another person.
Wrong size apparently not one size fits all.
I bought this to use it in a plausibility project for school. We tested it on three different vehicles and monitored fuel consumption before and after for months. It makes no difference and is a complete waste of money.
Attached to a portable air pump, used for 5 min. To inflate a tire. Started smoking. Disassembled and found plastic had melted. Junk. Avoid at all cost.
Doesnt work. Brokeass pos.
These are bright chrome. I wanted black and got chrome. Oh well.
The camo does not match the picture in the least.
Came terribly loose at the hinge and man are they a b to tighten. Youd think theyd have come securely tightened from the factory, guess not.
Worked great at first. 6 months later, one light goes out, seller promptly replaced, 13 months later, the other bulb goes out. They are bad quality.
Did not work on 99 f150.
I use, and enjoy, a lot of mothers products. This one is a miss. No matter what i do, this product always leaves streaks, and it doesnt clean as well as my other window cleaner.
Unsealed ziplock packaging, wrong size, interior diameter is 58, it even says it in small print on the hose, which is also sprayed with a nasty oily preservative. Maybe i got a sabotaged set. Worthless asis.
Super cheap product. Got stuck and wouldnt open after 1 day. Had to spin it open with a flathead screwdriver. Returned this junk for a refund.
Pos, bulbs burnt out first day.
Bulb blew within 2 days of use.
Rusted out with first rain.
Only got to use it twice before the gauge broke. Was used for the air shocks of my vulcan. Still pumps air, but without an accurate gauge, it is useless for properly adjusting the air shocks.
Didnt work for me. Sent it back for refund.
Item looks good but did not receive it.
It didnt work it didnt stop the leaks.
Did not fit the way they said. One fell off from the storage facility tony house.
Terrible product comes all rusted and bent.
The cover is not even comfartable, also it has ripped stictches all the way on the sides.
The plug supplied in this kit has a different thread pitch than the bung. The result is that the plug cannot be used to plug the bung, or any other o2 sensor hole.
Like other say, product is really tight. If you look at the bulb. There is 2 wires both side. The 7440 or wy21w is one wire each side. Highly dont recommend.
Ill let you know. If it ever shows up.
Supposed to come with six only received four.
Broke on the first pull.
Worst wax ever. Got into all the seems any made a mess and i was very careful with it. Didnt like this product at all. It was like using wax from the mid 70s.
This blade did not fit my truck. My truck takes 22 blades.
This was bought to be installed on a honda recon. It does not fit. Save your money and time, buy something that is designed for your atv.
The tip of this broke off the second time i use it.
The grommets outer diameter is too small for my 2007 bmw 335i trunk badge. I was annoyed because the factory grommets were damaged when i removed the badge. On a positive note the shipping and delivery were excellent.
12 leds out in less than a year 8mo.
I cant get it to connect more than once. These are hit and miss, i bought another one from a chinese website that works flawlessly. This one is no good.
Thats a toy. Not effective.
Returned 70th emblem. The badge was advertised as being black in color but was really olive green. Seller should specify color in description photo is incorrect.
The product was damage when i received.
Not sure what this is supposed to fit but a 2011 ram 1500 is not it. About four inches to narrow and two inches too deep. Overs the auto light sensor the defrost vent and the speakers. Just junk.
Does not work. They claimed it would be compatible for a bmw and its not. Waste of money. Dont buy stay away. Never worked with any car let alone bmw.
Perfect for the price.
The mat was ok but once its gets dirty and try to wash with water, the streaks does not go away. Its like it looks old zoo fast.
Description was incorrect. Contacted the manufacturer, let them know and they finally changed it. Too bad i had to pay return shipping. We returned this the next day, it was much too small and not as big as advertised.
Kept snapping every time they got the springs pressure on them.
Cheap china product, feel horrible wont use even for cutting grass.
This does not fit a 2007 bmw x3 as stated it would. Frustrating when you are in the middle of an oil change and the part is wrong.
Buy the bosch replacement or watch your car burn. Literally. Glad i have a nose for burning smells and caught it before the rest of my car caught fire.
Tool leaks air. Spring is not powerful enough to draw in new fluid.
Does not fit a 2008 porsche cayenne but they said it would.
These are cheap, hard to see, and caused issues with my battery.
Wrong flasher can for 2000 gmc sierra. Will not fit into factory fuse panel. Relay is dimensionally too large. Costs 7 to return a 10 part, misrepresented.
Arrived scratched and cracked. Difficult to clip to visor.
Its does not fit the model shown.
Very bright at 5 feet. Have tried them in 3 different vehicles. None of which threw anymore light than the standard bulbs.
Bought for truck went thru fitting test, do not fit. Thanks too expensive to ship back plus had to buy another set, thanks for nothing. Oh it took forever to get to me.
Didnt fit and were not very good chinese quality, i had to order others that actually fit the holes and held.
Tires are junk. Theyre out of round and will not stay balanced.
More on the orange side than red. Could not use it as did not match up.
Opened my tailgate about 6 times before the thing broke, cant find replacement parts, looks like you need to buy a whole new kit and hope it doesnt keep happening again.
Wont fit a 98 expedition.
Returned i got the wrong size.
Does not seal. Poorly made. Never again.
Total junk that shorted my motorcycle out like 4 times and then i found out why because they fall apart poorly made with just silicone spray tint on the whole two wires.
Trash. The schrader valves dont work so it wont hold the pressure reading. The rubber nozzle does not compress against the spark plug opening so it leaks past the nozzle.
Terrible quality control, especially inside the rim circumference machining lines evident and pits in paint, and at the edges of the spokes sharp flashing on backside of spoke. Zero customer support. Center caps are also not removable.
Not as discribed.
Sounds like a high pitched squeal. Not even close to 150db. Around 100.
Terrible terrible terrible. This piece of junk leaks more than it sprays. No directions on box or inside. No settings. I brushed it on instead.
The key fob would not snap shut with the electronics inside.
Seem to be failing after only a few months.
Too short to fit through a standard hitch.
Doesnt work right out of the box. Plugged the battery in for the first time, the test function works for the laser, but the display and readout is dead.
Im all for saving time but this product seems to have been rushed doesnt produce the gloss that others seemed to have been writing about. Maybe i just got a bad batch who knows.
Amazon says it is right for 09 nissan rogue, but the blade config is wrong. I ended up using the refill from the new blade in the orig. Blade.
Had to return items because the passenger side light would point way to the right. Could only adjust up and down. Would affect visibility at night.
These are no good, only a few months old and they condensate and water gets in. I would like a refund or a replacement please. Amazon, please respond.
So amazon warrantied these bulbs after 10 months. The new bulbs leak water into the fog lamp assemblies for a 3rd time in less than 2 months. Will not purchase these again.
Crumbles like paper after 8 months of use what a waste of money. Poor quality. Hoping for a replacement at least.
They do not use 3m tape, its a cheap knock of tape, 3m tape says it on the red tape, dont be fooled, this doesnt stick, after 1 day it comes off.
Despite the product description, this did not fit my injen x1015 3. 5 amsoil nanofiber air filter. Seller was good enough to not have me go through the trouble of sending it back so ill donate it to someone.
Update save your money. Water gets inside the housings. Too flimsy. Had to modify. Buy oem. Trust me.
Junk. Should have sent them back once i open them. They dont fit right and are very cheap in quality. Of couse you get what you pay for.
It leaks from the cap. The spout flows very slowly, taking 5 minutes to empty. I used it without the spout and it does empty into my tractor. However, then the cap does not make a good seal.
Did not fit with my bed rail caps, some caps were still lose and didnt snap on correctly.
Cheap plastic tubes that bend and shatter with cold, black rubber ends fall off. 0 stars.
Did not receive the wire connection along with it that i paid for.
Bought on november 10th 2015, installed on november 15th, broke on december 27th.
This part does not fir 2002 ram 1500.
Not as good as hid. Projects the light at all angles.
These are useless to me as backup lights as they blink onoff. Wasted my money.
They do not fit 2011 ram, the leds are surface soldered on.
Dont buy it.
Fake product. Not titanium but a regular fibreglass wrap in a titanium wrap looking color.
Seemed good at first, but stopped working after a few months. I would not buy again. I think most people review it before they have had them for long enough to see how long they actually last.
Did not work as advertised. I would not recommend.
Junk. I threw it in the garbage and bought some connectors from home depot.
It wont clamp good, it would bend and get distorted. Never buying this again.
Did not fit at all. Would not purchase again.
90 of the time it will not connectcommunicate with the car. Cannot be upgraded from manufacturer website claims they can. Customer support is non existent. Get constant emails to buy their new devices. Do not buy this junk.
This is a fair cramp buster, its hard to get on and it constantly slips. I have a cbr, maybe itll work better on your bike. Well. It broke so good luck with brand x.
Its crap the cutter wont cut a strap i goy from napa. Dont but this one or one that looks like it.
Did not fit my car as stated.
Crack when they get too hot.
No where near enough lights to complete the job. Very disappointed.
Junk. I sent them back.
Do not buy. Garbage. Will cause even bigger damage. Zero stars.
I loved this mirror when i first installed it. But the summer heat caused it to bend downword in the middle until it started to look like a flat u shape. I had to throw it away.
Stitching is pretty weak. Broke after a week of use.
Not accurate, would return if i knew how.
Cant tighten the locking screws enough to keep the windows from being pushed off center by wind at highway speeds. Good looking but poorly designed.
Installed and took several small test drives ranging from highway speeds to stop and go. Allowed the engine to cool between drives. 56 miles later and the top seal is leaking. Disappointed.
It was advertised to fit a compact pickup s10, it was 12 too wide and 6 too tall.
Not worth buying. They are dimmer than the incandescent bulbs they replaced in my case 921 high mount stop lamp bulbs, but these are no brighter than a 194168 bulb either. I strongly recommend not buying these.
These are made of a light weight foam, garbage. I returned them. At least amazon makes returns easy.
First one broke in two days. Replacement lasted six months.
Cheap parts. Fall off easily. Color is off as well. Not chrome and not the color in this photo. Totally misleading.
I expected better from osram, the light output on these is terrible, there is literally no difference from the oem phillips halogen bulbs with the exception of a slight bluer tinge mixed with the dull yellow light these emit.
Chippedbent every single tool when installing a stereo in my friends honda accord.
Doesnt fit a 12 jetta without modification but works very good.
Doesnt fit back of bmw x3 so one went in trash. Also front emblem turned yellowish in less than a year on a car i seldom drive. Complete waste of money. You wanna look cheap, get this item.
Not great quality when compared with invisible shield, leave marks in windshield.
This is almost the worst smelling stuff you could put in your car.
Does not fit the front of a 2003 jeep liberty well at all. Barely seats in the wedge. Very flimsy.
Only lasted 7 months and had to replace again.
Junk. Lights stopped working very shorty after purchasing.
Poorly represented with little actual size information. Was smaller than what i wanted.
Was not right part.
Color did not match at all.
Stuff does not work as pictured its like your painting your tail lights grey.
Do not work well on windows. They leave fuzz and streak.
Disappointed. Put in 1998 hyundai and dimmer than stock bulbs.
This piece of junk failed miserably, the threads stripped instantly as if it was not ment for its intended use.
If your axle is completely smooth cylinder on the transmission side this may work adequately until you can change axle, otherwise it will not.
No connection to ecu. I lost my old adaptor so i tried this one, with 2 phones but couldnt connect with either.
This system was really horrible limited aiming options.
Is it always thick as tar at the bottom. I managed to stir it and clear the lumps, but it was like trying to paint with paste, nothing like por 15.
After a few weeks one of the lights went out.
Dont waste your money. Returned it.
Unevenly cut. Could have been a 5 star item but looks really lousy because its cut all uneven. Seems cut by hand.
Only lasted 2 months, had to replace with one from pep boys. Typical dorman, never again.
The 4041 mm adapter does not fit in the driver nor do they have the correct curvature to fit the seal.
Price is okay but it does not stay too secure in position. It will move around a lot.
After the first rain, it failed and the vinyl now has all kinds a streaks. Product claims lasts for weeks, but only if it doesnt rain.
Made in asia. Leaks.
Package says it fits all class 3, 4, 5 recievers, but is too short to fit the class 5 reciever on my 2015 ram truck. Had to turn around and order the t5 version thats 314 wide.
The product no function today i want to replace or send me another please.
These light only lasted about 6 months and when i tried to contact the company i never got a response after several attempts i finally gave up on the hope of any replacement what a pos.
I needed a replacement tecumseh carburetor, they arrived 093016. What a pile of crap. Chinese made junk. Next time ill buy a tecumseh carb.
Very poor weld quality, dont risk your life.
Please dont buy.
Doesnt fit oem radiator and core support.
Not what i wanted.
This blade is not flexible enough to touch the curved glass side. It also does not stay in the blade holder well and can easily go out. My window was scratched this way.
Absolute pile of junk. Will not work for daily use. I am on my third charger. Today it will not work again.
I have not received this part of this three part order. There has been shipment, but i have not received the two items as of this date. Please investigate and reship.
I have a 2008 ford escape. The description says it fits any model domestic. Wrong. It fits most aftermarket air intakes. Its kool looking and works on my friends car modified but not mine.
Way over priced, bad balance likely a good design but made in china like so many crappy products on amazon.
The two holes were exactly the same size. The positive terminal on automobile batteries is larger and this device will not fit. Someone else had the same problem, the package had been opened and resealed with tape.
What a piece of crap filter, it may fit but it is sloppy. Dont do it. Just find a known off brand. This is terrible no matter what other people say.
I thought it was several rings just 1 for 13. 99.
Doesnt fit american motorcycle plates.
Product didnt work as advertised and was not compatible with the setup. Returned and the customer service was terrible. Not recommeneded.
Tabs broke off when installing.
Only 4 out of the 6 lights worked. Super disappointing.
Without wasting time on a 10 product, buy better scanner, it says no problems when i know for a fact there are problems and bad codes. You get what you pay for.
Easy to install. They look very nice on my silverado. Very sturdy and good quality. Update rusted in three years. I live in the south no salt used in winter.
Not the same height even though it said to be compatible for my 2001 dodge dakota ext. Cab awd.
Contacts do not make contact.
Smears the windshield, leaves a film. I had to remove and replace with standard blades.
One of them is already burning out and you cant return this after 30 days. Say away from this product.
Not bright at all, color temperature is horrible. Do not buy these.
Faded in the sun in 2 weeks low chinese quality.
Fell off first day dont buy.
This item was returned because the buld was broken.
Broke the first trip we took, had less than 200 lbs and frame support broke and sagged another 23 inches. Trip was less than 500 miles. Terrible product.
Not useable on a 2016 ford f350.
Radio shifter stickers not a good match at all. Only one that fit well was the center sticker v shaped one. Cheaply made or maybe it fits the chinese cruze.
Piece of junk. It falls off the visor and doesnt do much for oncoming lights.
Does not work. Do not buy this.
I bought the size the chart said was correct, but it is too long. Also theres not double lock to hold it on. The front blades i bought flew off with no second lock.
First of all they sent the silver one instead of the black and silver one. It is not six inches long as specified. Its more like 4 inches. It much too short for my gear stick. Does not look good.
Do not recommend these seat covers for 2002 trailblazer. I had to remove seat belts and still had to cut the opening for the head rest, to make it bigger. Dont fit snug at all.
Echo products 02505 5snap flat shield.
Doesnt fit my vehicle.
Does not fit rear shock on the 2010 infiniti m35 or 45.
Not sticking good. But the red one i bought sticks really good.
Doesnt fit my sahara 2015.
Absolutely did not fit my jeep.
The lock works. Though its a bit rusty but the alarm goes off even when the lock is not engaged.
These stickers come on a small 4x6 sheet and are too small and too fake looking to be of any use. Not worth a penny.
To big for my camper.
Straps are too long for any of my jeep rollbars, even with the pads on the velcro cannot clasp properly. The only thing that remotely fits is cans and 20oz bottles.
Doesnt fit 2006 odyssey. Though its correct 26 size, theres not enough clearance and arm touches the thick end of the blade.
Cannot really write a review as, although the amazon system said they fit my car 1996 e36 bmw they dont.
Saw no noticeable benefits. Used chevron with techron 20oz bottle. Very noticeable difference in engine function. Cleans up any hesitation and smooths out idle as well. Really decarbonizes.
Buy it at the dealer for 16. 00. These have cheap plastic clips that break very easy and it will leak all over. The dealer version is far superior.
Paid for eight. Received six. Not very good at counting.
Poor design and poor quality. Both decals failed to fit properly.
I dont know if the one i bought is defective but i wish i had known before i deflated my tires to reset my tpms. Clipped it on the valve and zero. Gauge didnt even register.
Failed within the first week only worked correctly two or three times. Bought just a little bit better quality unit, literally only cost 10 more and has worked flawlessly all winter long.
Arrived with one of the pins broken. Much like the other reviewers have noted. Advise others to buy another brand. This one is worthless.
Does not look like the one pictured. It has no holes for the rear view mirror like the one on the pic.
Dont buy 2 of these you need different ones for front and back of cat converter not clear from descriptions.
It is low and blow it is not good you well can, t see good it is baaaaaad don, t pay it.
Not as loud as i hoped for.
After using this treatment my leak continued, your millage may vary. Ended up just replacing hoses to fix it.
Works for a while then drops sync with my phone. Did this on multiple vehicles while driving and stationary. Have to unplug, reinsert to get it to restart. Obviously a problem when driving. Returning product for something more reliable.
Spend more and buy a larger model with a longer handle. It works but it is not worth the money imho.
No better than a milk crate and extremely flimsy.
Very cheap. The end broke off just like the others. After a only few months. Dont buy.
Lasted 6 days before flickering for a few days, then they were dead. All of them. Do not buy this cheap crap.
Super cheap in quality. I could of made a better connector. The puns literally fell out as i plugged in to my new head light, junk. Dont buy.
First time it rained. It wouldnt stop beeping.
This was sent to me with an extra plate welded to it. Dea quality control is definitely lacking. Amazon return was easy and fast. New part arrived and worked with some filing of the mounting holes.
Its doesnt hold only on 3m tape, it need an extra clip on it, i have seen that on wellvisor product i already ordered that after loosing my valuable money on such a poor quality product.